as a user, i can comment a picture, so i can make a comment to the picture owner.
as a user, i can delete the picture i upload, so that i can delete the picture i don't want to share anymore.
as a user, i can like a picture, so that i can express my felling.
as a user, i can report a picture, so that i don't need to see pictures i don't want.
as a user, i can enter the correct password and see pictures in a private event, so that i can see the pictures i'm allowed to see.
as a user, i can upload raw picture so that other users can see more beautiful pictures.
as a user, i can log in/out, so that i can use this system.
as a user, i can extend my event with extra charge, so that i can let my event exits longer.
as a user, i can login with facebook account, so that i can login more easier.
as a user, i can reset my password if i forget my password, so that i don't need register again and keep my record.
as a user, i can maintain my events as well as all the pictures for certain days.
as a user, i can delete my (private) event, so that i can keep my privacy.
as a user, i can change photos view type (small icon, large icon, extra large, list), so that i can review pictures more convenient.
as a user, i can choose the size of picture to download, so that i can save my storage.
as a user, i can download multiple pictures at one time, so that i can save time then i download many pictures.
as a user, i can use every browser to visit shareweb website.
as a user, i can upload multiple pictures one time, so that i can upload pictures with less time.
as a user, i can upload high resolution pictures for an event, so that i can review high quality pictures.
as a user, i can search for an event, so that i can find the specific event i'm looking for.
as a user, i can create an event, so that i can upload related pictures to the event.
as a user, i can download many high resolution pictures on my computer, so that i can free a lot of capacity of my phone.
as a user, i can sort pictures in an event based on the picture popularity, so that i can review pictures according to their popularity.
as a user, i can sort pictures in an event based on the picture uploaded time, so that i can review pictures according to their upload time.
