as a user, i can register my details into the system so that i can login.
as a user, i can click on detonate bomb so that i can see how many points i have won.
as a user , i can place bombs anywhere on the given grid.
as a user, i can login to the game using my registered username and password so that i can play the game with my own profile.
as a user, i can see if i have enough points to buy bombs for the new game.
as a user, i can see the high score of the game so that i can play to beat that score.
as a user, i can choose an avatar while registering or edit it later so that my game profile is customized to my liking.
as a developer i should make sure to build a good and captivating user-interface so that the game attracts more users.
as a user i can change the multiplier for each new game and get corresponding rewards after completing the game.
the system shall be compatible with all browsers (chrome, firefox, safari) and there shall not be any responsive issues with the game for different versions of the browser (last 3 releases) on different platforms including windows 8/10, macos 10+, android 4+, ios 9+.
as a user, i can hear sound effects of bomb explosion and prize received for more interesting gaming experience.
as a user, i can quit the system anytime i want.
as a user, i can see how many more bombs i am left with.
as a user, i can see the history of the games played by me.
as a user, i can see animations so that i can have an interesting gaming experience.
as a user, i can log out without losing the points that i have lost or gained.
as a user, i can recover my password if forgotten.
the system should have code documents, design documents and architecture guidelines so that it is maintainable.
the system should include log rotation with various levels so that the system exceptions and user actions can be logged and debugged if required without overhead space & size complexities.
the system shall be scalable for the growing amount of users in the future. (20 simultaneous users).
as a user, i can mute /unmute sound and change sound volume in the game.
as a user, i can edit my profile information.
as a user, i can remove bombs anywhere from the given 4*4 grid.
as a user, i should be able to place no more than 4 bombs anywhere on the given 4*4 grid.
as a user, i can detonate bombs only after all 4 bombs have been placed on the given 4*4 grid.
as a user, i should be prompted to play the game in landscape mode when i am trying to play in portrait mode.
