as an administrator, i can block users' account when they did something inappropriate.
as a maintainer, i can make sure the information of users are secure.
as an administrator, i can see all users' account information.
as an administrator, i can cancel inappropriate events.
as an administrator, i can see all events' information.
as a maintainer, i can guarantee that user could not lost any message.
as a developer, i can guarantee that user could get exact location information.
as a developer, i can guarantee that user could receive the recommendation they are interested in.
as a maintainer, i can withdraw the account of users, who do not follow a policy.
as an administrator, i can add more events.
as a user, i can close gps recording let no one find me on map.
as a user, i can contact the other user by calling or messaging within the app.
as a maintainer, i am able to see analytics about past locations of all users.
as a user, i can receive info about future events.
as a maintainer(user-service), i can guarantee i will process all message from users in a certain period time.
as a user, i can see a tutorial entrance to introduce how to use the app.
as a user, i can reject or consent to other's friend request.
as a user, i can block or unblock the message or call from other users.
as a user, i can search for where there are different venues on a map.
as an administrator, i am able to close or open a venue for certain reasons.
as a user, i can import my information from facebook.
as a user, i can confirm that i entered a venue.
as an administrator, i can edit a venue's details.
as a user, i can see other users and their professions and the venues they are at in my area.
as an user, i can create a user account.
as a user, i have the option to automatically check out of a venue.
as a user, i can confirm that i leaved a venue.
as a user, i can delete present friends.
as a user, i can see frequent asked questions.
as a user, i can see information about current events.
as a user, i can see the certain route from me to my friend.
as a user, i can find all of friends around me.