As a registered user, I can video chat with a financial expert.
As a registered user, I can search through a list of financial experts.
As a registered user, I can access tools to help me understand my finances.
As a financial expert, I can see my received payment history for past sessions.
As a financial expert, I can manage my calendar to schedule appointment availability to video chat with users.
As a guest user, I can take a quiz to find out my Money Belief.
As a registered user, I can manage an appointment for video chat with a financial expert by using calendar.
As a registered user, I can see my payment history.
As a registered user, I can rate the financial expert with whom I had appointment.
As a registered user, I can pay for my session with the financial expert.
As a financial expert, I can receive payment for my session with user.
As a registered user, I can update my payment method.
As a registered user, I can view a financial expert's profile.
As a registered user, I can search through educational videos and articles.
As a financial expert, I can update my profile Bio.
As a financial expert, I can set my status to "Online".
As a registered user, I can access financial related calculators.
As a financial expert, I can store my notes securely.
As a registered user, I can see my message history with financial experts.
As a registered user, I can see my session appointment history.
As a registered user, I can authorize my video records and transcripts be analyzed for personality data.
As a financial expert, I can authorize my video records and transcripts be analyzed to gain personality data about my client.
As a registered user, I can see that my personal information is secured.
As a registered user, I should be charged after the appointment session has completed with the financial expert.
As a registered user, I can chat with the financial expert within the app.
As a registered user, I should be able to access the Video streaming library which provide more insight on budgeting.
As a financial expert, I can see the history of users whom I've given advice to.
As a financial expert, I should be able to make changes to an appointment if there is a personal emergency.
As a guest user, I can signup to access the privileged features like making an appointment, video chat etc.
As a financial expert, I can set times on my calendar for when I am available for appointments that users can then select and commit to meeting at.
As a financial expert, I can manage appointments and receive notifications.
As a registered user, I can ask for a refund if I am not satisfied with the financial guidance that I received.
As a registered user, I can access video content library that provides various topics on financial therapy, debt/asset management, etc.
As a registered user, I can view profiles of Financial experts based upon different categories.
As a financial expert, I can view the feedback and ratings provided by my customers.
As a registered user, I can schedule a live session with the Financial Expert.
As a registered user, I can have on-demand advice from financial experts.
As a financial expert, I can keep a track of the total income generated, total minutes talked and all the users who took the advice.
As a registered user, I get access to various informative blogs and videos.
As a registered user, I can sign up/in with facebook or gmail.
As a financial expert, I can sign up/in with LinkedIn.