As a user, I can generate tasks with varying levels of importance.
As an office administrative user, I can manage patient data and inventory on my doctor's behalf.
As a user, I can trust the the application securely handles personal information (e.g., full names, social security numbers, credit card information, etc.).
As a doctor, my patients' and my data will be preserved for a specified amount of time after the free trial ends or a subscription ends.
As a user, I can access information such as articles or videos that will train me to use the system.
As an admin, I can customize the portal, so it aligns with my profession.
As a user, I can track customers have been referred.
As a user, I can have reports be automatically generated on a schedule.
As a doctor, I can match patients to products.
As a user, I am able to create new patient records.
As a doctor, I am able to view a report of product purchases.
As an administrator, I am able to save and retrieve important patient documents from within the system.
As a developer, we have to provide separate access privileges to patient documents.
As a developer, I need to protect the app against SQL Injections and Cross Site Scripting.
As a user, I can create an invoice for my patients.
As a doctor, I can recommend products for my patients in their file.
As a user, I can import vendor product information with a csv file.
As a doctor, I want this app to integrate with my scheduling application.
As a user, I can have a task related to a patient.
As a user, I can assign a task to a doctor.
As a user, I can add allergies and medications for a specific patient.
As a doctor, I can edit the progress of a patient along with his/her basic info like date of last visit, height and weight.
As a user, I can view and add/edit visit details like address, emergency contact and insurance info of a specific patient and attach the data to the patient record.
As a user, I can add multiple products by uploading a CSV file that has information of these said multiple products.
As a user, I can export product info (either just one product or a set of products) to a CSV file.
As a doctor, I can fill out the order form for a product to be purchased for a patient.
As a doctor, I can choose a patient or a set of patients to recommend a product (1 product mapped to 1 or more patients).
As a doctor, I can choose a product or a set of products to recommend to a patient (1 patient mapped to 1 or more products).
As a user, I can delete a form or a set of forms at once.
As a user, I can download a form or a set of forms at once.
As a user, I can add a new form.