User can use a Hashtag for a Picture taken in a special Event such as a BasketballGame , so the People miss the Event will see what they missed .
User can take many Pictures to introduce User's Geo-location , so the Tourists using the App will search the Location and see what 's there .
User can create User's Login with specific Username and Password or FacebookAccount , so User can use them to login to the Application .
User can login to the Application using User's registered Username or User's FacebookAccount , so User can use the Application with User's own Profile .
User can reserve User's Event 's Hashtag for a limited Time , so User and EventAttendees can use the Hashtag to post Pictures of the Event .
User can delete Pictures that User posted , so they are no longer accessible .
User can report any inappropriate Picture , so that it will be removed from the Event .
User can moderate the Pictures in an Event that User created , so that Pictures that User do n't like will be removed from the Event .
User can shut down User's own Event , so that User can remove User's Event and all Pictures in the Event before reserved Time is up .
User can take a Photo from the PicshareApp or choose a Picture from User's Gallery , so that User can take a Picture from another App .
User can set up a private Event that only invited People can see and access via Password , so that User can ensure only the People User want to participate may participate .
User can save one or many Pictures from an Event to User's Phone so that User can keep the Photos after the Event expires .
User can save one or many Pictures from an Event to User's Phone so that User can keep the Photos after the Hashtag expires .
User can save one or many Pictures from an Hashtag to User's Phone so that User can keep the Photos after the Event expires .
User can save one or many Pictures from an Hashtag to User's Phone so that User can keep the Photos after the Hashtag expires .
User can save the Hashtags to save Time searching for them later and see User's History of Hashtags .
User can choose if Users can upload Pictures , or only post Pictures captured live , which would give me more Control over Contention User's private Event .
User can sort Pictures in Events by Date or Popularity , and User can sort Pictures in Location by Distance , Date or Popularity , so that User can have more Control over PictureViewing .
User can like a Picture .
User can post only captured live Pictures to nearby Location , so that all the Pictures will be from that Area .
User can choose the Radius for browsing Pictures in nearby Locations , so that User can view the Ones closest to me .
User can write a Caption for the Pictures before posting them , so that User's Pictures will be more descriptive .
User can create a Public without posting a Picture in it , so that User can reserve the Hashtag before the Event starts .
User can create a private Event without posting posting a Picture in it , so that User can reserve the Hashtag before the Event starts .
Admin can login into Admin's administrative Page with Admin's Password and Username , so that Admin can perform AdminFeatures .
Admin can browse Users of the App and ViewPictures that they posted , so that Admin can manage Users and their Contents .
Admin can suspend a User , so that Admin can have more Control over Users .
Admin can list Pictures by all , Location , Event or ReportCount , so that Admin will have more Control over Pictures .
Admin can delete Pictures from the System , so that Admin will have more Control over Pictures .
Admin can create an EventHashtag , so that Admin can reserve it .
Admin can update an Event , so that Admin can change the Event 's Name or ExpirationDate .
Admin can delete Events with all their Pictures , so that Admin can have more Control over Events .
Admin can change the SystemSettings such as ReportCountThreshold and PictureLifetime , so that Admin can have more Control over the SystemConfigurations .
Admin can generate Reports regarding Events , Users and Pictures , so that Admin can have more Information about the System .
Admin can restore Pictures that has been marked inappropriate , so that Admin have better Control over the Pictures .
