As a student, I can connect with other students so that I can grow my network.
As a user, I can upload a profile picture.
As a user, I can send and receive messages from and to other users.
As a user, I can see recommendations.
As a user, I can share articles and videos.
The system shall generate recommendations of users to be connected with.
As a user, I can search (by name, career, ethnicity, organization, school) and connect with other users.
As a user, I can invite all of the contact in my social networks.
As a user, I can see advertisement from schools and companies.
The system shall return search results at most 5 seconds.
The max budget is $300.
As a user, I can see my past messages that I have sent and received.
As a user, I can import my LinkedIn information to my profile.
A user can have a short summary for their profiles (education, background, current work place, customized message).
As a user, I can add/update/delete my profile.
As a user, I can see profiles based on groups, ethnicity, activities, companies, skills set, studies, cities, state, study, schools.
As a user, I can write letter recommendation for other users connected to me.
As a user I can create a profile so that I can have presence on Blackprofessionals.Net.
As a user, I can find someone who works at a company that I want to work at.
As a user, I can easily find information about a company that I am interested in.
As a user, I can comment on a post that I think is interesting.
As a user, I can find a dental office in my area.
As a user, I can find an optometrist that I can connect with.
As a user I can create groups.
As a user I can send invites to people to join a group of which I am administrator.
As a user I can send a request to the administrator of the group to join it.
A user should not be able to search a private group if the user is not a part of the group.
As a user I can leave(unsubscribe from) a group at any point of time.
As a user I can follow a company/school.
As the administrator of the system I can add customized ads to the ad-space on the website.
As administrator of the group I can apply privacy policies
1. Who can join
2. Who can view activity and posts on the group.
As a user, I can see my connection's latest activites.
As a user, I can follow/unfollow a company.
As a user, I can accept/reject the connection request from other users.
As a user, I can cancel the connection with other users.
