As a Language Learner, I can use the system to find a native speaker language learner, where I can practice my language that I want to learn.
As an English language learner, I can talk with a native speaker language learner so that I can learn the most authentic English. The system shall establish connection with native speakers so that I can achieve my goal.
As a native speaker Language Learner, I can talk with language learners from other countries so that I can learn another language and know the outside world.
As a language teacher, I can give English Talking assignments to my students on this website so that they will improve their spoken English.
As a Language Learner, I can do my language assignments with people's help on this website so that I can finish my assignment easier and learn more.
As a website owner, I can promote my website widely to meet the need of language learners so that I can make money.
As a user I can add other users to my friends list so that I can interact with them quickly.
As a website owner, I can view non-identifying user statistics so that I can assess the needs of my user base.
As a Language Learner I can order my search results using different criteria so that I can prioritize my matches.
As a user I can reset my password through email so that I will not be locked out if I forget my password.
As a user I can retrieve my (text) chat logs so that I can review something I or another user has said (or agreed to).
As a practitioner, I can help the students to increase their language proficiency.
As a Language Learner, I can get in touch with others who are also willing to learn the same language.
As a Language Learner, I can get to know the foreign culture while learning foreign language.
As the website owner, I can still maintain this server after the development phase in the long run.
As a student, I can register an account on the website and modify my privacy policy so that I can avoid malicious usage of my personal info.
As a language learner, I can chat with my teacher so that we know each other better and exchange other information.
As the website owner I can regularly add language-learning and -practicing ideas, research, and suggestions.
As a website owner I can suggest interaction tasks, discussion subject matters when meeting " stranger on-line.".
As a website owner I can post alerts: e.g. "USC Chinese learners meet English learners at TCC on Thursdays at 7PM, please sign up...".
As a website owner I can post on the website blog about the lingggo experience worldwide.
As a website owner/professor I can offer "live" meetings to lingggo members for the purpose of language related discussion, pronunciation evaluation, and advise.
As the website owner I can generate a marketing plan (create ideas to increase viewership/membership) to increase user/member numbers.
As a website user, I can report other users' rule-breaking behavior so that I can get better online experience.
As a website user, I can pull some people into blacklist so that I can avoid someone's advertisements or harassments.
As a website user, I can receive a notification email if there are some changes of my account occur so that I can find the actions not operated by myself.
As a Language Learner, I can search other Language Learners having the same degree or major so that I can find more topic to talk about.
As a website owner, I can send some emails about some news or activities to the user who subscribe the service so that I can inform the user immediately if need.
As website member I can rate interactions AND other members based on experience.
As a website owner I can monitor the website activities and intercept unacceptable internet "behavior.".
As a Language Learner I can find Language Learners in another country before traveling to that country for advice, to meet, and to create friendships.
As a university student I can post a question/announcement to all members via the website owner/mediator; i.e. it has to be filtered.
As a website user I will be able to offer my native language skills even if I don't want to practice another language.
As a tutor, I can evaluate students' language level that help student adjust their learning plan through office hour online chatting by skype or phone.
As a Language Learner, I can use this system to find a native speaker to help me solve some difficult language homework problems.
As a Language Learner, I can use this system to find a native speaker and make friend with him/her, where I can get to know more about their culture.
As a native speaker, I can use this system to make friend with foreign Language Learners, where I can know more about this world.
