As a student, I can add classes he/she is currently visiting to connect with peers and teachers.
As a student, I can schedule a meeting with tutors.
As a student, I can check what are trending topics.
As a teacher, I can see what are students talking about.
As a teacher, I can upload recorded videos.
As a student, I can join discussion groups.
We can finish the first iteration before the deadline that the client gave.
We can finish the project without extra budget.
As a student, a user can ask questions on the platform and the question would be pushed to corresponding users.
As a parent, a user can locate his child with several input about the student.
As a parent, a user can track the study progress of his/her child.
As a teacher, a user can put quiz on the platform for students to finish online.
As a user, I can mention someone in a post, so that I can invite other people to discussion.
As a maintainer, I can see real time statistic of the website, so that I can monitor the stability of the website.
As a teacher user, I can post assignment to specific students, so that I can improve the performance of students accordingly.
As a user, I can post anonymously, so that I won't get bullied by others.
As an admin, I can delete a post, so that I can improve the quality of discussion.
As a user, I can report/dislike and report a post, so that admin will notice and delete bad posts.
Post can be created/commented/favorited/voted by students and teachers.
Post can be deleted by admin.
Parents can bind their children after invitation accepted.
Teachers can create/update assignments.
Students can upload their finished assignment.
As a student, I can create a study group and send invitation to other students through the message.
As a student, I can receive the invitation of the study group through the message in the website.
As a student, I can check the status of my groups and manage(delete) my groups.
As the teacher, I can assign homework to students in my class, so that save my time.
As the teacher, I can check if my students finish the homework.
As a teacher, I can send the invitation to my students to get their confirmation, so that I can contact my students instead of other student who have same name with my student.
As a student, I can view the posts made by other students in the collaboration network.
As a student, I can upvote an answer/question which i find useful.
As a student, I can bookmark or favorite questions which are relevant to me.
