As a user, I can start a thread by posting a question so that other users might answer that question with credible information.
As a user, I can answer a question posted by other users.
As a user, I can dislike an answer so that other users can gauge the credibility of the answer.
As a user, I can like an answer so that other users can gauge the credibility of the answer.
As a user, I can view my lifetime, semester, and usable point balance so that I can track my progress.
As a user, I can get a news feed so that I stay engaged and up to date with changes on the WAT Network.
As a user, I can redeem usable WAT points so that I can receive a gift card.
As a user, I can search the forum so that I can see topics more relevant to my needs.
As a user, I can select predetermined ordering criteria so that I can see topics more relevant to my needs.
As an administrator, I can pin a thread so that supremely important information gets highlighted for other users.
As a user, I can update my profile so that my experience is more personalized.
The system shall notify users about special campaigns so that user participation will increase.
The system shall notify users about special events so that user participation will increase.
As a user, I can mark any comment as the "best answer" to a question so that other users can easily see the most credible answer in the thread.
As a user, I can track and compare my points with my peers' points so that I can gauge how I measure up to others.
The system shall be user-friendly and intuitive.
The system shall not exceed the max budget of $0.
The system shall render correctly on mobile platforms.
As a user, I can view other users' profiles so that I can see their information and points.
As a maintainer, I can create a special event so that I can entice more users to join and participate.
As a maintainer, I can manage the comments and threads in the system so that the overall quality of information isn't degraded by trash.
As a user, my thread specific point balance cannot drop below zero so I won't be over-penalized for an inappropriate answer.
As a user I can use my WAT points to redeem items from a virtual store.
As a maintainer, I can add a gift card to the system so that users can redeem gift cards using their points.
As a maintainer, I can add a product to the gift store so that users can redeem gifts using their points.
As a user, I can view the leaderboard by sorting it either based on Schools or graduation date.
As a user, I can report inappropriate threads so that the forum will be  free of inappropriate threads.
As a user, I can view the thread sorting them based on graduation year, school.
As a user, I can view my WAT points on each page of the user interface.
As a user, I can edit the post I started.
As a user, I can edit the thread I started.
As a maintainer, I can edit details of the event created event on WAT system.
As a user, I can delete my threads and posts.
