As a user, I can comment a picture, so I can make a comment to the picture owner.
As a user, I can delete the picture I upload, so that I can delete the picture I don't want to share anymore.
As a user, I can like a picture, so that I can express my felling.
As a user, I can report a picture, so that I don't need to see pictures I don't want.
As a user, I can enter the correct password and see pictures in a private event, so that I can see the pictures I'm allowed to see.
As a user, I can upload RAW picture so that other users can see more beautiful pictures.
As a user, I can log out, so that I can use this system.
As a user, I can log in so that I can use this system.
As a user, I can extend my event with extra charge, so that I can let my event exits longer.
As a user, I can login with facebook account, so that I can login more easier.
As a user, I can reset my password if I forget my password, so that I don't need register again and keep my record.
As a user, I can maintain my events as well as all the pictures for certain days.
As a user, I can delete my  event, so that I can keep my privacy.
As a user, I can change photos view type , so that I can review pictures more convenient.
As a user, I can choose the size of picture to download, so that I can save my storage.
As a user, I can download multiple pictures at one time, so that I can save time then I download many pictures.
As a user, I can use every browser to visit shareweb website.
As a user, I can upload multiple pictures one time, so that I can upload pictures with less time.
As a user, I can upload high resolution pictures for an event, so that I can review high quality pictures.
As a user, I can search for an event, so that I can find the specific event I'm looking for.
As a user, I can create an event, so that I can upload related pictures to the event.
As a user, I can download many high resolution pictures on my computer, so that I can free a lot of capacity of my phone.
As a user, I can sort pictures in an event based on the picture popularity, so that I can review pictures according to their popularity.
As a user, I can sort pictures in an event based on the picture uploaded time, so that I can review pictures according to their upload time.
