As a developer, I can do relatively low-cost knowledge transfer to new staff with the aid of well-written documentation.
System shall be easy and pleasant to use.
As the super admin, I can log into the site with a username and password.
As the admin, I can log into the site with a username and password.
As a contributor, I can log into the site with a username and password.
As a contributor, I can view overall project progress, current week goal, verticals in work.
As a contributor, I can view goals made in past weeks or goals made for future weeks.
As a contributor, I can receive notifications as a piece of content moves through the various stages of development .
As a contributor, I can send or receive message to or from other users.
As a contributor, I can track my own success rate by the draft to approved pitch conversion ratio.
As a contributor, I can sign out of the system and end my current session.
As a contributor, I can create a new draft idea and add details.
As a contributor, I can modify a draft.
As a contributor, I can remove a draft.
As a contributor, I can view a draft's details.
As a contributor, I can pitch a drafted idea.
As a contributor, I can view the details of a pitch in the global pitch board.
As a contributor, I can filter pitches by criteria such as status, creator ID etc.
As a contributor, I can make changes to my own profile.
As a super admin, I can view overall project progress, goal vertical, number of pitches needed by each vertical, progress of each vertical.
As a super admin, I can view goals made for past weeks or future weeks.
As a super admin, I can receive notifications as a piece of content moves through the various stages of development .
As a super admin, I can receive or send messages from or to other users.
As a super admin, I can log out of the system and end their current session.
As a super admin, I can view or edit the details of a pitch in the global pitch board.
As a super admin, I can reject a pitch.
As a super admin, I can approve a pitch.
As a super admin, I can filter pitches by criteria.
As a super admin, I can edit a pitch in the weekly publishing calendar.
As a super admin, I can view a pitch in the weekly publishing calendar.
As a super admin, I can approve the publishing calendar.
As a super admin, I can filter pitches by criteria.
As a super admin, I can export the weekly publishing calendar into a CSV file.
As a super admin, I can edit a pitch in the parking board.
As a super admin, I can view a pitch in the parking board.
As a super admin, I can pull a parked pitch into publishing calendar.
As a super admin, I can view team member details.
As a super admin, I can change a member's account type.
As a super admin, I can create a new admin or contributor account.
As a super admin, I can delete an existing account.
As a super admin, I can set goals for current week and future weeks.
As a super admin, I can check past weeks' goals.
As a super admin, I can modify my own profile.
As an admin, I can view project progress, current week goals and progress of each vertical.
As an admin, I can view goals made in past weeks or made for future weeks.
As an admin, I can receive notification as a piece of content moves through the various stages of development .
As an admin, I can send or receive messages to or from other users.
As an admin, I can log out of the system and end my session.
As an admin, I can edit a pitch in the global pitch board.
As an admin, I can view a pitch in the global pitch board.
As an admin, I can reject a pitch.
As an admin, I can approve a pitch.
As an admin, I can filter pitches by criteria.
As an admin, I can view member details.
As an admin, I can change a member's account type.
As an admin, I can create a new account for admin or contributor.
As an admin, I can delete an existing account.
As an admin, I can edit my own profile.
For each vertical, show number of draft, number of pitches submitted, number of pitches   rejected.
For each vertical, show number of draft, number of pitches submitted, number of pitches  parked rejected.
For each vertical, show number of draft, number of pitches submitted, number of pitches approved  rejected.
For each vertical, show number of draft, number of pitches submitted, number of pitches approved parked rejected.
As a super admin, I will receive notification as a new pitch needs to be reviewed.
When weekly deadline approves, weekly publishing calendar needs to be reviewed.
As an admin, I will receive notification as a new pitch needs to be reviewed.
