As an administrator, I can block users' account when they did something inappropriate.
As a maintainer, I can make sure the information of users are secure.
As an administrator, I can see all users' account information.
As an administrator, I can cancel inappropriate events.
As an administrator, I can see all events' information.
As a maintainer, I can guarantee that user could not lost any message.
As a developer, I can guarantee that user could get exact location information.
As a developer, I can guarantee that user could receive the recommendation they are interested in.
As a maintainer, I can withdraw the account of users, who do not follow a policy.
As an administrator, I can add more events.
As a user, I can close GPS recording let no one find me on map.
As a user, I can contact the other user by calling or messaging within the app.
As a maintainer, I am able to see analytics about past locations of all users.
As a user, I can receive info about future events.
As a maintainer, I can guarantee I will process all message from users in a certain period time.
As a user, I can see a tutorial entrance to introduce how to use the app.
As a user, I can reject or consent to other's friend request.
As a user, I can block or unblock the message or call from other users.
As a user, I can search for where there are different venues on a map.
As an administrator, I am able to close or open a venue for certain reasons.
As a user, I can import my information from Facebook.
As a user, I can confirm that I entered a venue.
As an administrator, I can edit a venue's details.
As a user, I can see other users and their professions and the venues they are at in my area.
As an user, I can create a user account.
As a user, I have the option to automatically check out of a venue.
As a user, I can confirm that I leaved a venue.
As a user, I can delete present friends.
As a user, I can see frequent asked questions.
As a user, I can see information about current events.
As a user, I can see the certain route from me to my friend.
As a user, I can find all of friends around me.
