As a user, I can mark a category as Minimum Marketable Feature when creating it.
As a user, I can save the prioritization results from the TOPSIS analysis.
As a user, I can adjust the importance of each goal using the slider.
As a user, I can enter weight coefficients according to the criteria  for a win condition while using TOPSIS.
As a user, I can adjust the coefficient on each win-win category while evaluating its effect on the project.
As a user, I can log out.
As a user, I can reset my password if I forget it.
As a user, I should be able to upload a picture from my desktop as my profile picture.
As a user, I can see a demo of winbook functionality.
As a user, I can create a new win condition.
As a user, I can only delete a win condition that I created.
As a user, I can join a project.
As a user, I can create a new win condition category.
As a user, I can filter the view of win conditions by category.
As a user, I can set the business value, relative penalty, and ease of realization of a goal without a need to remember the order of them.
As a user, I can edit my profile information such as name, surname, profile picture, organization or password.
As a user, I can see people that agree with my win condition.
As a user, I can reply on other people's comments.
As a user, I can quote on other people's comments.
As a user, I want to export the win conditions to excel.
As a user, I want to sort win conditions by criteria.
As a user, I can tag someone to my comment using @username.
As a user, I can agree or disagree with a win condition .
As an owner, I can make a project private or public.
As an owner or admin, I can edit the list of approved members  from the project settings page.
As an owner, I can use the project settings page to give admin rights to a project member.
As a user, I can view the project list page from the homepage.
As a user, I can delete only my own posts and comments.
As an admin, I can edit and delete everyone's posts and comments.
As an owner, I can add a new project.
As an owner, I can access the settings page for the projects.
As an owner, I can hide a project from the project settings page.
As an owner, I can delete a project from the project settings page.
As a user, I can sort according to the upvotes.
As a user, I can add comments and reply to comments.
