2014-USC-Project11.txt
As a user, I can search for courses locally based on:  location, category, price, date, keyword.
As a Course attendee I can see the schedule of training  and it based on course name, trainer, location, date range for a particular course.
As a user I can request a course that is not on calendar.
As a user I can filter by rating and reviews.
As a course attendee I can compare the prices and decide based on price.
As a trainer I can offer courses in specific locations.
As a trainer I can put my calendar of availability so admin can schedule a course.
As a trainer I can see the rating and reviews to continue to improve myself and the course.
As a trainer I can compare my prices to maximize.
As an user, I can see the variety of courses available by category and most popular.
As an user, I can see which trainer and courses are rated highest (sort).
As an enterprise I can compare prices of courses to see if I'm getting a good value.
As an administrator I can receive account registration information from the trainers.
As an administrator I can create, delete and inquiry courses as well as update  courses information such as dates and times.
As an administrator I can see which courses and which trainers are profitable.
As an administrator I can adjust the rating of courses and trainers.
As an administrator, I can receive the request from trainers about which course to offer and when the courses start and verify them.
As an administrator I will have a dashboard to display notifications similar to database functions.I can receive any changes of update.
As a User, I will be able to request to modify my previously registered course.
As a user, I can setup an account.
As a user, I will be able to request to cancel my registration.
As a user, I can register for a course after logging in to the system.
As a user, I can share the courses through FaceBook, Twitter, LinkedIn and email.
As a user, I would be able to see minimum number of people registered for the courses.
As a trainer I can set the minimum, maximum no of attendees and price per attendees.
As an admin, I can see how many users are registered for the courses and see if we met the minimum. If we didn't, admin would be able to cancel the course or adjust the minimum number of the course.
As an admin,I can move people to a different class.
As a course attendee, I will receive the confirmation email after registering for the course.
As a System, all user requirements should be analyzed and feasibility (as well as scope) of each should be determined.
All Success-critical stakeholders should agree upon win-win condition, and there is team cohesion for the product.
As a Team, all specific requirements, documents, and reports are maintained; and Meetings as well as session are noted down.
As a developer, I would be able to analyze each and every requirement and understand their feasibility and architecture behind them.
As the Team, specific training should be provided to all team members for the development and use of the product.
As an admin, I can adjust the number of attendees following notification from eventbrite.
The system should be robust enough to support multiple users at the same time.
The system must be user friendly for non expert.
As a course attendee, I can rate and review the course I attended.
As a course attendee, I could pay for the course through EventBrite.
As a trainer,I would be able to attach one of the options to my profile: Active Duty, Veteran, Military Family.
As an admin,I would be able to attach one of the options to trainers' profile: Active Duty, Veteran, Military Family.
2015-USC-Project03.txt
As a Language Learner, I can use the system to find a native speaker language learner, where I can practice my language that I want to learn.
As an English language learner, I can talk with a native speaker language learner so that I can learn the most authentic English. The system shall establish connection with native speakers so that I can achieve my goal.
As a native speaker Language Learner, I can talk with language learners from other countries so that I can learn another language and know the outside world.
As a language teacher, I can give English Talking assignments to my students on this website so that they will improve their spoken English.
As a Language Learner, I can do my language assignments with people's help on this website so that I can finish my assignment easier and learn more.
As a website owner, I can promote my website widely to meet the need of language learners so that I can make money.
As a user I can add other users to my friends list so that I can interact with them quickly.
As a website owner, I can view non-identifying user statistics so that I can assess the needs of my user base.
As a Language Learner I can order my search results using different criteria so that I can prioritize my matches.
As a user I can reset my password through email so that I will not be locked out if I forget my password.
As a user I can retrieve my (text) chat logs so that I can review something I or another user has said (or agreed to).
As a practitioner, I can help the students to increase their language proficiency.
As a Language Learner, I can get in touch with others who are also willing to learn the same language.
As a Language Learner, I can get to know the foreign culture while learning foreign language.
As the website owner, I can still maintain this server after the development phase in the long run.
As a student, I can register an account on the website and modify my privacy policy so that I can avoid malicious usage of my personal info.
As a language learner, I can chat with my teacher so that we know each other better and exchange other information.
As the website owner I can regularly add language-learning and -practicing ideas, research, and suggestions.
As a website owner I can suggest interaction tasks, discussion subject matters when meeting " stranger on-line.".
As a website owner I can post alerts: e.g. "USC Chinese learners meet English learners at TCC on Thursdays at 7PM, please sign up...".
As a website owner I can post on the website blog about the lingggo experience worldwide.
As a website owner/professor I can offer "live" meetings to lingggo members for the purpose of language related discussion, pronunciation evaluation, and advise.
As the website owner I can generate a marketing plan (create ideas to increase viewership/membership) to increase user/member numbers.
As a website user, I can report other users' rule-breaking behavior so that I can get better online experience.
As a website user, I can pull some people into blacklist so that I can avoid someone's advertisements or harassments.
As a website user, I can receive a notification email if there are some changes of my account occur so that I can find the actions not operated by myself.
As a Language Learner, I can search other Language Learners having the same degree or major so that I can find more topic to talk about.
As a website owner, I can send some emails about some news or activities to the user who subscribe the service so that I can inform the user immediately if need.
As website member I can rate interactions AND other members based on experience.
As a website owner I can monitor the website activities and intercept unacceptable internet "behavior.".
As a Language Learner I can find Language Learners in another country before traveling to that country for advice, to meet, and to create friendships.
As a university student I can post a question/announcement to all members via the website owner/mediator; i.e. it has to be filtered.
As a website user I will be able to offer my native language skills even if I don't want to practice another language.
As a tutor, I can evaluate students' language level that help student adjust their learning plan through office hour online chatting by skype or phone.
As a Language Learner, I can use this system to find a native speaker to help me solve some difficult language homework problems.
As a Language Learner, I can use this system to find a native speaker and make friend with him/her, where I can get to know more about their culture.
As a native speaker, I can use this system to make friend with foreign Language Learners, where I can know more about this world.
2014-USC-Project05.txt
As a sales agent I can click-to-call customers.
As a sales agent I can auto dial customers so that I save time.
The system shall connect to backup agent if multiple customers answer calls simultaneously.
The system shall log call detail information (caller number & id, callee number & id, duration, start date & time, end date & time, mute link to the recording, conference link, listening in link, XML file as text)  so that we can pull analytics on it.
As a sales manager, I can listen to recordings so that I can assure quality.
As a sales manager, I can use the recordings so that I can train agents.
As a sales manager I can listen in on active calls so that I can assure quality.
As a sales manager, I can jump in to calls so that I can help close the deal.
As a sales agent, I can quickly and easily request the conference call of a manager so that I can close a sale.
The system shall make sure the incoming call is assigned to a back up agent if the primary agent is unavailable so that less customers go to voicemail.
The system shall route the customer to voicemail if no agent is available.
The system shall be deployed Heroku cloud.
The system shall log data in PostgreSQL.
The system shall use Twilio API for voip.
The system shall be developed using Ruby on Rails.
The system shall run on Linux.
The system interface will be built using HTML5, CSS, Javascript, Bootstrap, jQuery.
The system will be integrated with the SnApp CRM.
As a sales manager, I can speak only to the agent while listening to the call so that i can guide him.
The system should be able to handle 200 simultaneous incoming and outgoing calls.
The system should be able to route calls within a 2 seconds to a open agent.
The auto dialer should be able to make 10 simultaneous calls to find an available customer for the agent.
The system shall automatically provision a number and voice-mailbox for each new user automatically.
2015-USC-Project02.txt
As a user, I can use a hashtag for a picture taken in a special event such as a basketball game, so the people miss the event will see what they missed.
As a user, I can take many pictures to introduce my geo-location, so the tourists using the app will search the location and see what's there.
As a user, I can create my login with specific username and password or Facebook account, so I can use them to login to the application.
As a user, I can login to the application using my registered username or my Facebook account, so I can use the application with my own profile.
As a user, I can reserve my event's hashtag for a limited time (one week), so I and event attendees can use the hashtag to post pictures of the event.
As a user, I can delete pictures that I posted, so they are no longer accessible.
As a user, I can report any inappropriate picture, so that it will be removed from the event.
As a user, I can moderate the pictures in an event that I created, so that pictures that I don't like will be removed from the event.
As a user, I can shut down my own event, so that I can remove my event and all pictures in the event before reserved time is up.
As a user, I can take a photo from the PicShare app or choose a picture from my gallery, so that I can take a picture from another app.
As a user, I can set up a private event that only invited people can see and access via password, so that I can ensure only the people I want to participate may participate.
As a user, I can save one or many pictures from an event/hashtag to my phone so that I can keep the photos after the event/hashtag expires.
As a user, I can save the hashtags to save time searching for them later and see my history of hashtags.
As a user, i can choose if users can upload pictures, or only post pictures captured live, which would give me more control over contentin my private event.
As a user, I can sort pictures in events by date or popularity, and I can sort pictures in location by distance, date or popularity,  so that I can have more control over picture viewing.
As a user, I can like a picture.
As a user, I can post only captured live pictures to nearby location, so that all the pictures will be from that area.
As a user, I can choose the radius for browsing pictures in nearby locations, so that I can view the ones closest to me.
As a user, I can write a caption for the pictures before posting them, so that my pictures will be more descriptive.
As a user, I can create a public/private event without posting a picture in it, so that I can reserve the hashtag before the event starts.
As an admin, I can login into my administrative page with my password and username, so that I can perform admin features.
As an admin, I can browse users of the app and view pictures that they posted, so that I can manage users and their contents.
As an admin, I can suspend a user, so that I can have more control over users.
As an admin, I can list pictures by all, location, event or report count, so that I will have more control over pictures.
As an admin, I can delete pictures from the system, so that I will have more control over pictures.
As an admin, I can create an event hashtag, so that I can reserve it.
As an admin, I can update an event, so that I can change the event's name or expiration date.
As an admin, I can delete events with all their pictures, so that I can have more control over events.
As an admin, I can change the system settings such as report count threshold and picture lifetime, so that I can have more control over the system configurations.
As an admin, I can generate reports regarding events, users and pictures, so that I can have more information about the system.
As an admin, I can restore pictures that has been marked inappropriate, so that I have better control over the pictures.
2014-USC-Project04.txt
As a consumer, I can place orders for flower arrangements from nearby florists.
As a consumer, I can search for products according to my occasion so that I can have a better shopping experience and more options.
As a florist, I can upload catalog so that I can market my services.
As a consumer, I can track my orders so that I can make sure that they are delivered.
As a consumer, I can place orders for pickup so that I have the convenience of picking up flowers when I'm on the go.
As a consumer, I can schedule appointments with florists so that I can talk to them about important events such as funerals, weddings, or parties.
As a consumer, I can rank and review product so that I can share with others my experiences.
As a consumer, I can view rankings and reviews so that I can make better purchasing decisions.
As a florist, I can use market analytics tools (such as rankings and reviews, order analytics, etc) to better market to consumers.
As a florist, I can receive payments.
As a consumer, I can chat with florists so I can receive more information.
As a consumer, I can place orders for delivery so I can have more convenience.
As a consumer, I can cancel my orders if it is not out of delivery.
As a florist, I can provide product status to confirm the order was received so that the consumer is satisfied.
As a customer, I can receive recommendations of products based on analytics.
As a florist, I can track my order history so that I have a record of my past transactions.
As a consumer, I can check my order history so that I have a record of what I bought.
As a florist, I can cancel any order and refund consumer.
As a florist, I can create profile on FlowerSeeker.
As a customer, I can create profile on FlowerSeeker.
As a consumer, I can search for products according to my needs and wants so that I can get exactly what I want.
2014-USC-Project10.txt
As a job seeker, I can search for jobs by keywords and locations - The REFERsy system can connect to Indeed.com via its API and fetch jobs.
Job search results should be loaded within 3 seconds.
The REFERsy system should be user friendly and intuitive to use - focus on functionality instead of artistic side.
As a job seeker, I can save job searches.
As a job seeker, I can mark specific jobs as favorites.
As a job seeker, I can search for jobs and see which job listings have a social network friend who can refer me.
As a job seeker, I can easily contact someone in my social network for a job referral through messaging API with prefilled message.
As a job seeker, I can create an account which saves my login credentials for all of my social networks. (manage sessions etc).
As a job seeker, I subscribe to email job notifications based on job searches and locations.
As a job seeker, I can browse through job listings where at least one social network contact can provide me a reference.
The REFERsy system can connect to LinkedIn, Google+, and Facebook via API so that to pool network of job seekers (Priority: 1-Facebook, 2-LinkedIn, 3-Google+ ).
As a job seeker, i can unsubscribe from email notifications.
As a job seeker, I can select the frequency of email notifications.
2014-USC-Project06.txt
As a student, I can connect with other students so that I can grow my network.
As a user, I can upload a profile picture.
As a user, I can send and receive messages from and to other users.
As a user, I can see recommendations.
As a user, I can share articles and videos.
The system shall generate recommendations of users to be connected with.
As a user, I can search (by name, career, ethnicity, organization, school) and connect with other users.
As a user, I can invite all of the contact in my social networks.
As a user, I can see advertisement from schools and companies.
The system shall return search results at most 5 seconds.
The max budget is $300.
As a user, I can see my past messages that I have sent and received.
As a user, I can import my LinkedIn information to my profile.
A user can have a short summary for their profiles (education, background, current work place, customized message).
As a user, I can add/update/delete my profile.
As a user, I can see profiles based on groups, ethnicity, activities, companies, skills set, studies, cities, state, study, schools.
As a user, I can write letter recommendation for other users connected to me.
As a user I can create a profile so that I can have presence on Blackprofessionals.Net.
As a user, I can find someone who works at a company that I want to work at.
As a user, I can easily find information about a company that I am interested in.
As a user, I can comment on a post that I think is interesting.
As a user, I can find a dental office in my area.
As a user, I can find an optometrist that I can connect with.
As a user I can create groups.
As a user I can send invites to people to join a group of which I am administrator.
As a user I can send a request to the administrator of the group to join it.
A user should not be able to search a private group if the user is not a part of the group.
As a user I can leave(unscbscribe from) a group at any point of time.
As a user I can follow a company/school.
As the administrator of the system I can add customized ads to the ad-space on the website.
As administrator of the group I can apply privacy policies
1. Who can join
2. Who can view activity and posts on the group.
As a user, I can see my connection's latest activites.
As a user, I can follow/unfollow a company.
As a user, I can accept/reject the connection request from other users.
As a user, I can cancel the connection with other users.
2014-USC-Project12.txt
System will be easy to use and intuitive by all users.
System will be appealing to the target consumer (80% female).
System will be accurate within a 5 mile radius at a 90% confidence interval.
System shall run on iPhone, Android, and Windows phone.
System shall be able to support at least 1000 simultaneous users.
An user can capture an image and code an invoice for sharing.
A consumer can manually enter price information for sharing.
A consumer can search for healthcare pricing, provider by location, price, code, specialty.
System shall integrate with the existing database at Cash Doc.
As a consumer, I can register as a user.
As I consumer, I can access my existing account by user ID and password, and can view my existing dashboard.
As a consumer, I can create a private network and join existing networks.
As a consumer, I can create a review of a provider.
As a consumer, I can compare healthcare prices.
As a consumer, I can rate a provider.
As a corporation, I can view my employees and the prices they've shared so as to encourage participation.
As a provider, I can share pricing, offerings, and other content so as to drive traffic and increase sales.
As a user, I can find my current location to access relevant providers in and around area (some mile radius).
As a user, I can filter notifications based on location, price, code, specialty, and provider.
As a provider, I can send offerings to users that are connected to their network so that they can drive volume and increase sales.
As a user, I can follow to notifications so that I will have access to relevant up-to-date information.
As a user, I gain access to features when I share health care pricing.
As a user, I can create a health profile that will attach profile specific offers from providers.
As a user, I can receive push content unique to my personal profile from providers.
2014-USC-Project13.txt
As an admin I can delete a switch so that it's no longer available for others.
An an admin I can assign names to the gateways so that they are more recognizable.
As an admin I can delete a gateway so that it's no longer available for others.
As a user I can add favourite screens so that they are easily acessible.
As a user I can turn on/off the lights using Mobile applications.
As a user I can add images for each switch so that they are recognizable.
As a user I can add images for gateway so that they are recognizable.
As an admin I can assign different switches to different users so that the access control is limited.
The mobile system should use a single protocol to communicate with gateway (MQTT).
As a user I can turn on/off all the lights in the house so that all the lights can be controlled at once.
As a user I can select a particular floor/room so that I have floor- or room-wide control of lights.
As an admin I should be able to add more users so that I can provide/revoke access to other users.
The maximum budget for the project is $500.
The mobile app should be written in Android with backend of mongodb and node.js.
System should have minimum downtime( 1 hr /month max) and high availability/redundancy.
System should be secure -  data should be transmitted over an encrypted channel.
Do not use toggle for turning on/off the lights so that more features can be added ( dimming the light etc).
As an admin I can delete switch/floor/room.
As an admin I can edit the name of gateway/switch/floor/room.
As an admin I can see gateway/switch id.
As an admin I can incorporate debugging by papertrail.
As an user I can choose either username/email to log in.
the server API shall be documented preferably on the web ADHERING TO standard JS style documentation.
The response time of the system should be within 10 seconds.
2014-USC-Project07.txt
As an ESS, I can use navigation D&D modules to make the iRobot go forward, backward, turn left and right.
As an ESS, I can use sensing D&D module to detect cliffs/edges, speed,  direction and elapsed time.
As an ESS, I can drag & drop the musical notes from the sounds & light module so that I can create a song.
As an ESS, I can use the sounds & light module so that I can turn the LEDs on and off.
As an ESS, I can drag and drop if-then-else and for/while construct in which I can further drag and drop the instructions/loop constructs.
As an ESS, I can drag and drop a wait condition  in which I can further drag and drop the instructions/loop constructs.
The system shall detect and show logic errors (conflicting/inconsistent instructions) in an easy-to-read way.
The system shall be a native windows 7 and above application.
The system shall generate instructions for iRobot in C which is then later compiled for deployment on the microcontroller using the APIs of iRobot.
The system shall enforce a tolerance limit  of +/- 2 to 3% on sensor programmability.
As an ESS, I can drag and drop the built-in functions of the iRobot to control its behavior/movement.
As an ESS, I can copy & paste instructions so that I do not have to re-program.
As an ESS, I can create, save and load program files.
2015-USC-Project01.txt
The system shall upload pictures to a hashtag specified by the user.
The system shall allow a user to reserve a hashtag, allowing the user to specify a password for other users to post and view pictures on the hashtag.
The system shall allow users to browse (public) posts made in a specified region (such as a radius of X feet around their current location).
The system shall allow users to flag pictures as inappropriate so that they may be taken down from public view.
The system shall allow users to tag the pictures they post with descriptive text (ex: "Surfing with sharks at the Great Barrier Reef").
The system shall delete the Hashtag and pictures associated to it after it is reserved for a certain time.
The system shall invalidate the functionality of uploading pictures for a user if he keeps sending malicious pictures.
The system shall allow users to download pictures he like.
The system shall allow users to delete the picture he uploaded by mistake.
The system shall allow the Hashtag holder to delete pictures that is inappropriate.
The system shall provide an interface for users to search for a specific hashtag.
The system shall prevent users from posting pictures to private reserved hashtags without the proper permissions. (Ex. Is the owner or has the password).
The system shall allow administrators/maintainers/moderators to remove any pictures (usually inappropriate).
The system shall provide storage and access to pictures for a set or indefinite amount of time.
The system shall allow the user to make payment for a private hashtag.
The system shall provide an interface for users to create a new account or login to an existing one.
The system shall allow the user to post pictures to a specific location eg. USC Campus.
The system shall provide an alert message to the hashtag holder when his/her hashtag is about to expire.
The system shall provide an interface for the hashtag holder to invite his/her friends to post to the hashtag.
The system shall inform the hashtag holder if there are new pictures posted to the hashtag.
The system shall have authentication for private event to make sure only certain people have access to the pictures of this hashtag.
The system shall have delete picture function to let user delete their uploaded pictures.
The system shall be capable to set the geographical scope in which users are interested in the sharing pictures.
The system shall have category for pictures to let users browser pictures with certain tag.
The system shall have management function for private and public events to delete irrelevant pictures.
The system shall capture the photo when user press camera shutter.
The system shall upload the photo when user hit upload button.
The system shall provide a hashtag reservation option when user want to upload pictures to a specific hashtag.
The system shall provide option either by location or by hashtag to share picture when user start to upload picture.
The system shall provide a delete function when user what to delete photos with in the specific hashtag online.
The system shall provide recover picture function when user deletes picture by mistake.
The system should allow user import friends from other social network app. Like Facebook, Google Cantact.
The system shall make the too old events invisible to avoid crowded geo scope.
The system should allow administrator to close some user profile when they continue posting illegal pictures.
The system shall allow users to search pictures by name, joined friend name, date, hashtag, location,  event name.
2015-USC-Project05.txt
As a tour creator, I can upload videos, pictures, and other descriptive information about the stops in my tours.
As an owner,  I can authorize tour creator, so that, they can access the website and upload tour content.
As a owner, I can delete any uploaded tour if it seems to be an irrelevant upload.
As a tour taker, I can click on a stop on the map that's visible, so that, I can view all the uploaded information about that stop.
As a tour taker, I can choose from a list of near-by tours and select a desired tour.
As a tour creator, I can view, edit, and delete any tours that I created before.
As tour creator, I can sign up  to the Tour Conductor Website, so that I can have and manage an account through which I will be able to use the site.
As a tour taker, I can search tours based on tags relating to the desired location or search for tours using a 'radius' value so that I have access to all tours within the specified radius from current location.
As a tour creator, I can create tours on the  tour conductor website, so I can promote my area better.
2014-USC-Project03.txt
As a driver, I can check into/select a location through my mobile phone so that the I can pay for my valet.
As a valet company, I can accept mobile payments so that I can offer an easier payment option (meaning through credit card).
As a driver, I can message my valet to retrieve my vehicle, so I don't have to wait in line.
As a driver, I can create my profile(first name, last name, email, optional credit card) so that I can use it for all SnapValet-related activities.
As an establishment, I can send direct advertisements to SnapValet users so that I can attract more customers.
The application shall be secure.
- channel is encrypted. (SSL)
- credit card number/password is not stored in plain text on app.
As a customer, I can enter my ticket number from the valet ticket so that I can request my car now/later.
The budget for the project shall not exceed $10,000.
The system shall be capable of eventually running an iOS client.
As a valet operator I can receive real-time requests from customers in an organized queue so that I can retrieve their car in a timely manner.
As a valet head, I can set the valet price for each shift so that I can adjust pricing as needed.
As a valet operator I can see if a customer has paid or not in the queue so that I know whether to collect cash.
As a valet operator I can have my own login to my valet company's profile so that I can add employees, tracking which employees are working at which location, and have multiple locations serviced by my company, and track transactions for each location.
As a valet operator, I can send notifications to the customer that their car is ready so that the customer does not have to wait outside while I retrieve the car.
As a valet company I can receive an email transaction summary report for each shift so that I can control my revenue.
As a driver I can either request or request and pay for valet so that I have the option to not enter in my credit card information if I don't want to.
The system should be designed to work on multiple servers in the future and should be capable of handling around 100 requests at the same time.
The system must be available almost all the time, especially during heavy usage hours.
Code will be modular so that defects can be isolated and additions can be made easily so that in future it can be maintained by a snapvalet employee.
As a user, I can register for an account, either as a customer or a valet, and include the relevant information.
System back-end will have scalable, secure database.
2015-USC-Project04.txt
As an Adult Learner with military experience, I can practice my conflict resolution skills so that I am a more effective communicator.
As an Adult Learner with military experience, I can view my in-game score so that I know how much I am progressing.
As an Adult Learner with military experience, I can resolve conflicts in a team setting so that I have practice working collaboratively in teams.
As an Experiential Learning Center (ELC) Staff, I can take proper training so that I can help students use the system to improve their conflict management skills.
As a college student, I can use the system built efficiently so that I can improve my conflict management skills.
As an Adult Learner, I can take the assessment so that I can judge how much I need to improve my conflict management skills.
As a college student, I want to use a program designed for conflict resolution that is  interactive so I can improve my competence and confidence in resolving conflict.
As a MBV student, I want to participate in a program that integrates military experience in a business setting so that I can collaborate with teammates to improve conflict resolution skills.
As a corporate executive, I want to participate in a conflict resolution exercise that is marketed to business needs so that I can encourage employees to practice product conflict resolution skills.
As an MBV student, I can use the system to quickly resolve conflicts in my team.
As an MBV student, I can use the scores from the system to keep track of my progress.
As an employer, I can adopt the system in my company so that the teams can resolve conflicts more quickly.
As a veteran, I want to see graphs on what decisions others made in the same situation so that I can see that I'm not alone in my thought processes.
As a veteran, I can compare my decisions to the decisions civilians made so that I can compare my thought processes to theirs.
As a veteran, I can use the system to gain experience working with civilians.
As a civilian, I can use the system to better understand a military thought process so I can interact better with veterans in the future.
This relates well to the demographic informtion.
This relates to real time feedback.
2014-USC-Project02.txt
As a GM/coach, I can both extract and visualize player value (biographical data,player stats,injuries,salary) so that I can build roster for the next season and make informed decisions affecting the bottom-line.
As a GM, I can extract data related to finances and operations, including staff and player salaries, revenue, cost accounting.
As a GM, my data can seamlessly integrate with the SporTech B.I. system in a standard compliant manner. (READ: The system shall communicate in PostgreSQL.).
Webcrawler must be able to visit public sites, extract simple structured relational data (in tables organized into rows and columns), generate PostgreSQL INSERT statements on a configurable schedule, and check for conflicts within the existing SQL DB. 
The crawler must be able to perform the above functions for all common forms of relational data (integers, decimal numbers, dates, strings, booleans etc.)
If there is no data existing for the unique identifier for the row within the table, execute the insert statements for the dataset.
If there is a conflict (there is already information in the row for the designated table) the application must be able to generate and execute  a PostgreSQL UPDATE statement for the "crawled" dataset.
As a SporTech B.I. contractor, I can  add,delete,update the specific websites visited,  fields to capture from the website and frequency of crawler refreshes for each specified website.
Webcrawler app must function in a persistent manner - if we set it using the above GUI, it should run without intervention if there are no errors.
The system must be able to function on a major open-source OS (READ: Some well known distro of Linux like Ubuntu or Debian).
The crawler should be able identify and ingest into a Hadoop/Hive/Pig NoSQL data store, unstructured data (social media information, pictures, videos etc), on a configurable schedule, and check for conflicts within the existing data store.
All webcrawler functionality from the relational data base ingest should be mirrored for unstructured data ingest.  (Everything the crawler can do for structured data it should do for unstructured data).
With this condition in place, as a general manger, I can monitor real-time twitter/facebook/instagram feeds/reaction from key sources in a continuous manner and/or on demand.
The crawler shall self correct simple errors it encounters during the SQL ingest process.
The crawler should have some kind of visualization tool which allows engineers to view a snapshot of the interactions between the crawler, datasources and STBI databases.
The crawler should search for new datasources automatically (it should be able to learn the types of data that are commonly ingested and then go look for new ones of high quality).
The system shall be a web-based management GUI. As a customer, I could manage the tool from anywhere without the need to worry about the SporTech B.I. system having to launch from a program on a desktop or server.
The system shall serve as the "nerve center" for the STBI ecosystem.  It can ingest all kinds of structured data, both automatically and on demand.
There should be a portal that allows the user to drag and drop information in many different formats (excel, CSV, web etc.) and then the crawler should organize, sort and identify the datatype and then ingest into the PostgreSQL DB. 
This would remove most (or all) of the work that a human would have to do to interact with the data before it is ready to be analyzed and visualized.
The system shall have two portals (or web interfaces). One would be for the SporTech B.I contractors and would have many more advanced features and controls.  The second would be a simple, web-based, customer-facing portal so that the customer could ingest their data "self-service" and see the impact in their apps/dashboards immediately.
As a customer, I can import existing data from an excel sheet by dragging and dropping it into STBI so that I can update/add data to my current model and see the changes.
the crawler should organize, sort and identify the datatype and then ingest into the DB.
As a SporTech B.I contractor, I can update/revise the player data as the season progresses.
As a soccer coach, I can configure the schedule for the crawler to run at predefined times.
The web crawler shall gather videos from the pages being crawled and ingest into STBI as is so that the coach and fans is able to watch the relevant videos PA.
The webcraweler shall gather head shots of players from the biography page on the website being crawled so that the player's picture can be shown on the report being generated.
As a a soccer coach, I can specify which websites the crawler should visit via the website GUI.
The web crawler shall crawl Youtube to gather videos of specific players.
The web crawler shall get comments, name and number of members, likes from specified Facebook pages.
The web crawler shall get number of followers, the comments and the number of retweets for a specified twitter account.
The web crawler shall gather instagram pictures, number of likes and the comments from particular instagram account.
The web crawler shall gather player information from the websites in the website list.
The web crawler shall gather team information from the websites in the website list.
The crawler shall ingest crawled data into PostgreSQL database.
2019-USC-Project09.txt
As a user, I get notified by push notifications when another user has placed a bid higher than mine, so that I am made aware of this and can go back and place a higher bid if wanted.
As a developer, I enable the users to pay for an item using multiple sources like PayPal or ApplePay, so that they can purchase the items won in the auction.
As a user, I can keep a track of all my previous biddings (bidding history).
As a user, I can return a product purchased easily.
As a developer, I can provide a secure login system along with storing their passwords securely.
As a user, I can visit and view all items up for sale/auction, along with description/back story and the cause that is supported.
As a user, I can participate in auctions/bids/raffles.
As an admin, I can maintain the database, adding/removing items, accounts etc.
As a developer, I allow users to search for products by keywords(tags), auctions, raffles or a direct buy.2014-USC-Project14.txt
As a client I can register online so that I can save time entering the data manually.
As a client I can check-in online, (must be validated by neon crm - phone nos and event registered for) for multiple services so that I save time. 
Online pertains to the intranet at WaW center.
As a client I can provide an online feedback as per my convenience and in private.
As a board member at WaW I can access the private portal so that I can share, view board documents.
Board members will upload documents to google drive.
As a member of WaW I can integrate social media on the website so that we can keep our users up-to date about latest events.
Whenever a major update is published on the website, there should be a button to confirm the IT personnel if he/she wants to post it onto social media.
As a member of WaW I can publish blogs on the website so that we can keep our users up-to date about latest events and increase interactivity.
It should be very easy to add the blogs by the staff.
The WaW website shall use the existing goDaddy account.
The WaW website shall use Wordpress.
The WaW will use Neon CRM as its data store.
The system shall be convenient to use by WaW staff.
The system shall be down at most 2 hours a month.
As a WaW IT personnel I can generate reports so that I can capture the first time clients entering the center.
As a WaW IT personnel I can generate reports so that I can the number of times a client uses the center.
As a WaW IT personnel I can generate reports so that I can analyse the services used by the clients at the center.
As a WaW IT personnel I can generate reports so that I can track how many clients booked and completed an appointment for counselling session.
For completing a couselling session client needs to checkin to their onsite center.
Assuming data for booking is already present.
As a WaW IT personnel I can generate reports so that I can track how many clients showed up for the counselling session.
As a WaW IT personnel I can generate reports so that I can track and analyse the type of counselling our clients enroll for i.e job search, career guidance,etc.
As a WaW IT personnel I can generate reports so that I can analyse how many clients got job and how long they have been at their job.
Just read a phone number (unique id) for a client from the CRM and store it off the neon crm and maintain the most recent feedback only.
The Onsite check-in system shall use WAMP Server.
2015-USC-Project06.txt
As a manager, I can log in to the app so that I can take notes electronically.
As a manager, I can send out the meeting minutes to all the attendees so that everyone knows what to do based on their checklist.
As a manager, I can search through archived meeting minutes so that I can find some topics of my interest.
As a contractor, I can log in to the app so that I can see the meeting minutes.
As a contractor, I can send message to the manager so that I can ask question and/or correct issues on the last minutes.
As a Contractor, I can see the different tasks for the project, so that I can manage my resources properly.
As a Contractor,  I can report the changes in the task completion status to the company, so that the work status is well reported and my work is known.
As a manager, I can see a summary of different meeting minutes of the project, so that it gives a timeline of the project.
As a Manager I can access the meeting logs quickly and track the progress of a project quickly so that I can make decisions after having all reports thoroughly and send out instructions to appropriate personnel.
As a Contractor I can enter reports and data correctly with simple, easy to use interfaces at any time so that people concerned get accurate information which can be accessed anytime.
As an Architect I can communicate with my colleagues anytime through messaging asking them for specifications and report design feasibilities etc because of which appropriate set of changes to specifications can be made and communicated.
As a Manager I can talk to my client through notifications telling them about the topic at hand to ensure that the customer is upto date with the events that have taken place.
As a contractor, I can see the different tasks for the project so that I can manage my resources properly.
As a project manager, I can now track different tasks progress, so that I can plan for the project completion properly.
As a manager, I can approve or disapprove the request of signup from contractors.
As a manager or contractor, I can edit the contractor's information and save it.
As a manager, I can edit different meeting information found within a particular project.
As a manager, I can approve or reject a contractor's comment on a specific task, where a comment is a request for task completion.
As a manager, I can create a new project.
As a manager, I can modify an existing project.
As a Manager, I can get automated generated PDF report of details of specific project, meeting or task.
As a manager, I can edit task categories and add them to the list of categories.
As a Manager or Contractor, I can save unsaved progress or status of any project, meeting or task.
2014-USC-Project01.txt
As a user, I can start a thread by posting a question so that other users might answer that question with credible information.
As a user, I can answer a question posted by other users.
As a user, I can like/dislike an answer so that other users can gauge the credibility of the answer.
As a user, I can view my lifetime, semester, and usable point balance so that I can track my progress.
As a user, I can get a news feed so that I stay engaged and up to date with changes on the WAT Network.
As a user, I can redeem usable WAT points so that I can receive a gift card.
As a user, I can search the forum so that I can see topics more relevant to my needs.
As a user, I can select predetermined ordering criteria so that I can see topics more relevant to my needs.
As an administrator, I can pin a thread so that supremely important information gets highlighted for other users.
As a user, I can update my profile so that my experience is more personalized.
The system shall notify users about special events/campaigns so that user participation will increase.
As a user, I can mark any comment as the "best answer" to a question so that other users can easily see the most credible answer in the thread.
As a user, I can track and compare my points with my peers' points so that I can gauge how I measure up to others.
The system shall be user-friendly and intuitive.
The system shall not exceed the max budget of $0.
The system shall render correctly on mobile platforms.
As a user, I can view other users' profiles so that I can see their information and points.
As a maintainer, I can create a special event so that I can entice more users to join and participate.
As a maintainer, I can manage the comments and threads in the system so that the overall quality of information isn't degraded by trash.
As a user, my thread specific point balance cannot drop below zero so I won't be over-penalized for an inappropriate answer.
As a user I can use my WAT points to redeem items from a virtual store.
As a maintainer, I can add a gift card to the system so that users can redeem gift cards using their points.
As a maintainer, I can add a product to the gift store so that users can redeem gifts using their points.
As a user, I can view the leaderboard by sorting it either based on Schools or graduation date.
As a user, I can report inappropriate threads so that the forum will be  free of inappropriate threads.
As a user, I can view the thread sorting them based on graduation year, school.
As a user, I can view my WAT points on each page of the user interface.
As a user, I can edit the thread/post I started.
As a maintainer, I can edit details of the event created event on WAT system.
As a user, I can delete my threads and posts.
2015-USC-Project07.txt
As a vendor, I can list my items for sale on the website to reach a bigger market and increase sales.
As a consumer, I can search for health related information on the website's blogs and forums, to gain knowledge on how to become healthier.
As the website owner/moderator, I can post blogs highlighting health-related issues on the website to provide resources to users and also encourage sales for my customers.
As a consumer, I can participate in forum discussions regarding health concerns and health products, to gain knowledge for myself and help others with similar health concerns.
As the website owner/moderator, I can temporarily suspend the account of a vendor if transactions or fulfillments are not completed.
As the website owner/moderator, I can approve vendor accounts after application and submission of subscription fee.
As the website owner/moderator, I can sort vendors by selling volume/transaction total to determine best vendors.
As the website owner/moderator, I can communicate with vendors through the website to help promote their products.
As the website owner/moderator, I can post site-wide communications for policy updates for vendors and consumers to see.
As a consumer, I can manage my account so that I can get access to the service that the website offers.
As a consumer, I can manage my password so that I can keep my account safe.
As a consumer, I can manage my cart so that I can do the purchase.
As a consumer, I can refer to comments from other consumers so that I see more clearly on the item.
As a consumer, I can add Items to my cart for later purchase.
As a vendor, I can manage my item prices to improve income.
As a vendor, I can communicate with the consumer to ensure service quality.
As a consumer, I can search a product based on certain search conditions so I can narrow down my search results and easily find the product that suits me.
As a consumer, I can reset email address through my security questions or verifying id so that if the email address is changed or forgot, consumer can still get his/hers password reset.
As a consumer, I can leave comments about products so that others can see more clearly on the item.
As a consumer,  I can sort products by popularity or price so I can easily find the product I am looking for.
As a vendor, I can provide special discount to the consumers so that I can offer promotions in order to attract more consumers.
As a vendor, I can look up and compare the price of similar products in the website so that I can make my pricing to be more competitive.
As a vendor, I can gather feedback from the consumers , so that I can improve my services or products in the future.
As a vendor, I can upload products introductive video on my profile, so that consumer can have a better understanding of what the products actually are.
As a vendor, I can view the time and date of each transaction, so that I can ship my products based on the priority of orders.
As a Vendor, I can publish blog posts about the new products so that I can inform other (consumers) and potentially convince them to buy it.
As a Vendor, I can add products on the product catalog so that it can be discovered by consumers and they can be sold.
As a consumer, I should be able to subscribe to certain types of products, so that when some new event happens (arrival of a new product etc) I can get notified leading to a more interesting marketplace.
As a Consumer, I should be able to get recommendation for the health related products based on a set of questions.
As a website end user I should find the website to be straight forward and easy to use.
As a consumer, I can rate and review vendors.
2014-USC-Project15.txt
As a VOLUNTEER COACH, I can CHECK IN THE GIRLS AND OTHER COACHES ON MY ROSTER REMOTELY AND IN REAL TIME, so that GOTRLA STAFF CAN MONITOR PROGRAM QUALITY IMMEDIATELY AND EFFICIENTLY.
As a GOTRLA PROGRAM STAFF MEMBER, I can REGULARLY AND IMMEDIATELY CHECK EACH SITE'S ATTENDANCE SHEET, so that I CAN OFFER SUPPORT TO ANY TEAMS HAVING ISSUES IMMEDIATELY.
As a volunteer coach , i can identify the which girl's paper work/payment is done so that we have their copy liability waiver forms.
As a Staff member I can monitor which girls have turned in paper work/payment so that we have their copy liability waiver forms.
Maximum Budget : $750.
As a Volunteer I can view/ access my class roster so that I can check in my team.
As a GOTRLA staff member I can Add/Edit and Delete classes so that we can Volunteers have up-to-date information.
As a GOTRLA staff member I can Add/Edit and Delete girls data so that the coaches can take attendance.
As a GOTRLA staff member I can Add/Update and Delete volunteer coaches for each class so that We can monitor attendance of the volunteers and support the team roster when required.
As a GOTRLA staff member I can schedule the program weeks so that coaches know when to conduct the classes.
As a volunteer I can access the schedule of the program weeks so that I know when to conduct the classes.
As a GOTRLA staff member I can Login to the system so that I can access the system.
As a volunteer I can Login to the mobile application so that I can access the system - The volunteer should only login once for the whole semester.
As an Admin I can add/Remove/Edit Program staff & should have all the privileges of the program staff so that Security of the system is maintained.
As a staff member I can export (first name, last name, team name (classes), attendance, date (week number)) the data (excel, csv) for each roster from the system so that we can analyze the attendance data.
The system shall be accessible via a desktop and mobile device (iOS > Android > Windows).
The system shall be down for no more then 3 to 5 hours a month and preferably not after school hours.
The system shall be easy and intuitive to use.
As a user (Admin, Program staff, volunteer) I can reset/update my account password so that I can login to the system - (By sending an email to the user if they forget the password or otherwise can change in the profile instead).
The system shall be easily monitored and maintained.
2019-USC-Project08.txt
The system should have a database of care instructions associated with surgeries and medical institutions.
As a user/patient, I should have to answer a minimum amount of PRO questions.
As a doctor, I should be notified if my patients health declines after surgery.
As a patient user, I can receive real time notifications for my reminders and appointments.
As a patient user, I can indicate that I have completed certain tasks (like a checklist).
As a doctor user, I can check if a patient has completed certain tasks.
As a doctor user, I can view the the survey/questionnaire responses of my patients.
As a user, I can login to the application using username and password or with my fingerprint scanner.
As a care team, I can input the relevant medical information or recommendations related to surgical procedures for each medical center into the system database.
As a patient, I can update personal contact information saved on the server.
As a patient who does not have smart phone, I can still get notifications through messages.
As a patient, I can get rewards by filling out the required survey or following certain required medical instructions.
As a doctor, I can modify prescriptions based on patients' recovery process.
As a patient, I have access to roughly personalized education contents like videos or articles that will help with recovery or preparation for surgeries.
As a patient, I can locally save the useful health recommendation articles provided by doctors.
As a patient, I can see the history of photos/videos I took for the app.
The system shall render properly on android phones.
The system should be built as native Android application.
The system should comply with HIPAA.
As a care team, I can add/remove patients from my list.
As a admin, I can access the database of the App server, and manually add/remove entries from backend.
As a patient, I should be able to see the website/ contact information of my health center/ provider, doctor, nurse etc.
As a patient, I should be able to take pictures.
As a patient, I should have access to review post-op notes from my doctor/ surgeon on any previous surgeries/ treatments.
As a patient, I should be provided with guidance on how to best capture pictures (i.e. selfies, body parts etc).
As a patient, I should be able to be guided by an avatar for basic tutorial.
As a patient, I can do my questionnaire/surveys from within the app.
As a doctor, I should get a notification when a patient books/cancels/reschedules an appointment.
As a patient, I should get a confirmation after I book/cancel/reschedule an appointment.
As a patient, I should be able to rate whether an educational article/video is relevant to me or not.
As the healthcare executive (the paying customer), I can see the collected data and trends of all patient outcomes, so I can study how to improve our performance.
The system should be intuitive to use for patients.
As a patient, I can manually add pre or post-op reminders in addition to the standard ones set by my doctor.
As the doctor's staff, I can register/enroll the patient under 5 steps.
As a patient, I can snooze a reminder but still be reminded until I dismiss it.
As a patient, I can receive recommendations of common answers and resources related to my surgery based on my timeline.
As a doctor, I can use this app to do certain follow-up appointments via telemedicine, so those patients who can't get rides easily won't have to miss these crucial appointments.
As a patient, I should be able to track my health status graphically, so that it is easily understandable.
As a patient, I can see all my dietary constraints and medications I need to take before and after surgery.
As a patient, I can compare pictures to see a visible difference over time.
As a patient, I can either choose to install the smartphone app, or by default get SMS notifications and not get bombarded everywhere.
The system should be built as a hybrid app (testing on Android only for this class - define which versions).
The system should use FHIR for data exchange.2016-USC-Project05.txt
As a user, I can comment a picture, so I can make a comment to the picture owner.
As a user, I can delete the picture I upload, so that I can delete the picture I don't want to share anymore.
As a user, I can like a picture, so that I can express my felling.
As a user, I can report a picture, so that I don't need to see pictures I don't want.
As a user, I can enter the correct password and see pictures in a private event, so that I can see the pictures I'm allowed to see.
As a user, I can upload RAW picture so that other users can see more beautiful pictures.
As a user, I can log in/out, so that I can use this system.
As a user, I can extend my event with extra charge, so that I can let my event exits longer.
As a user, I can login with facebook account, so that I can login more easier.
As a user, I can reset my password if I forget my password, so that I don't need register again and keep my record.
As a user, I can maintain my events as well as all the pictures for certain days.
As a user, I can delete my (private) event, so that I can keep my privacy.
As a user, I can change photos view type (small icon, large icon, extra large, list), so that I can review pictures more convenient.
As a user, I can choose the size of picture to download, so that I can save my storage.
As a user, I can download multiple pictures at one time, so that I can save time then I download many pictures.
As a user, I can use every browser to visit shareweb website.
As a user, I can upload multiple pictures one time, so that I can upload pictures with less time.
As a user, I can upload high resolution pictures for an event, so that I can review high quality pictures.
As a user, I can search for an event, so that I can find the specific event I'm looking for.
As a user, I can create an event, so that I can upload related pictures to the event.
As a user, I can download many high resolution pictures on my computer, so that I can free a lot of capacity of my phone.
As a user, I can sort pictures in an event based on the picture popularity, so that I can review pictures according to their popularity.
As a user, I can sort pictures in an event based on the picture uploaded time, so that I can review pictures according to their upload time.
2017-USC-Project03.txt
As a user I expect that my information is secure.
As a coach I can review the information of who signed up before printing it as a pdf/csv.
As a coach I can overwrite/modify the final results.
As a user, I expect to only see options that my swimmer is qualified to sign up for.
As the coach, I expect the signups to automatically close 2 weeks before sign ups, or a time-frame that I set.
As coach, I have a manual means of entering swim events in case the format of the page changes.
As the developer, the format of the information about swim events will never change.
As a parent I should be able to login to my kid's account.
As a coach I expect that if I modified something from the user, that the user will automatically be notified.
As a parent, I should be able to see amount I am supposed to pay.
As a parent, I should be able to view event categorically.
As a user, I should be able to see the events in which my kid is signed up.
As a coach, I should be able to extract pdf information and upload events on website.
As a coach, I should be able to edit the list of events all kids are signed up for.
As a parent I should be able to edit the signed up events before the deadline.
System shall render correctly on mobile platforms.
As a parent, I should not be able to sign up my kid for the events post the deadline.
As the treasurer I should be able to see the total amount to be collected in the month.
The system shall render correctly on all browsers.
The system shall be user-friendly and intuitive.
As a developer I should have the access to the database of the registration  Ids and Date of birth of children.
The system should allow the user to sign up his kid in at most four events.
System should allow to signup events after authenticating the member's date of birth with the event deadline.
As a parent I should be able to view the payee information.
As a maintainer, I should be able  to access/modify the database.
As a maintainer, I should be able to modify the website.
As a maintainer, I should have access to documentation and the source code.
As a head-coach, I should be able to generate final PDF report and CSV file.
As a parent, I can login into my kids account with a registration key.
As a maintainer, I can insert, delete, or modify the database of the events or of the kids.
As a maintainer, I can see the amount details for the kids that they owe.
2016-USC-Project10.txt
As a youth, I can take a survey once, so I can provide my feedback.
As a case manager, I can add files for my youth.
As a case manager, I can view my cases.
As an administrator, I can delete cases.
As an administrator, I can modify the profile of any user.
As a user, I can create and answer security questions, so I can recover my login information.
The system shall send a verification code when a user is trying to log in, in order to increase system security.
As a youth, I can view my profile and all the files that belong to me.
As a case manager, I can view the information of my youth.
As a youth, I can contact my case manager through the website.
As a case manager or administrator, I can see the results of the youths' surveys, so that I may review their feedback.
As a staff, I can view the information of all youth users and general information.
As an administrator, I can delete the profile of any user.
As a case manager or administrator, I shall be able to export all my cases to an Excel Spreadsheet.
The system shall automatically log users out after ten minutes of inactivity.
As an administrator, I can view, add, edit, or delete any user's records or profile.
As an administrator, I can transfer a youth's case between case managers.
As a case manager or administrator, I can send out a mass e-mail.
As a case manager, I can activate or deactivate youth accounts as needed.
The system design/structure shall be documented to increase maintainability and allow for transfer of knowledge.
As an administrator, I can make certain documents unavailable to a youth.
As a case manager, I cannot delete any documents or cases.
The system shall record all the users' log information (login/logout/time logged in).
As an administrator, I can view the log records created by the system.
As an administrator or case manager, I can create and manage activities.
2016-USC-Project04.txt
The pipeline shall accept a set of images as an input.
As a system, I can provide an UI for users to view images.
The pipeline shall be controlled directly to administrator.
The pipeline provides additional functionality to the end user of the system.
The pipeline utilizes the provided machine learning algorithms.
The UI is user friendly, clean, and efficient.
The pipeline shall send text and image to the user when correct image has been found.
The pipeline shall use detector model to detect the images uploaded by the users.
The pipeline shall store a model for image classification.
The pipeline shall pre-process training images.
As a user, I can choose one tag that I want to detect in my images.
The pipeline shall use deep learning algorithm.
As a user, I can upload multiple images(each with a label to choose) at the same time.
The pipeline shall handle the image with noise.
The pipeline shall get the images from the Facebook via Facebook API.
As a client I can upload an image to the pipeline and see a text <classification> along with the initial image.
As a client I can re train the pipeline by giving a new topic and a new set of images.
As a client I can run the entire system in my own unix based server.
As a client I can replace the machine learning algorithm used for training the model without a major pipeline refactor.
As a client I can extract and replace the resulting model after the trainning phase is complete.
2017-USC-Project02.txt
As a developer, I can import a spreadsheet of items into the inventory system.
As an admin, I can add new items to the system.
As an admin, I can read the item logs from the system.
As a volunteer, I can check the current availability and location of an item in the system.
As a manager, I can click a button to e-mail Darin to re-order a given item.
As a User, I can request an account for a specific user type (org, volunteer, admin).
As a user, I can update an items "status" in the inventory when I check-out or return an item.
As an admin user, I can get an email notification when an item is out of stock.
As a user, I can return an item I've checked out.
As a user, I can browse through the STEM inventory.
As a Admin, I can change the status of an item.
As a Admin, I can reserve an item.
The website should be rendered properly on mobile platforms.
As a user, I can click on an item to view its details such as status, quantity, location.
As a user, I can view items I have checked out.
As a user, I can search for a specific item.
The website should show image thumbnails in the browse mode.
As a volunteer, I can view and manage reservations.
2016-USC-Project06.txt
As a user, I can register my details into the system so that I can login.
As a user, I can click on detonate bomb so that I can see how many points I have won.
As a user , I can place bombs anywhere on the given grid.
As a user, I can login to the game using my registered username and password so that I can play the game with my own profile.
As a user, I can see if I have enough points to buy bombs for the new game.
As a user, I can see the high score of the game so that I can play to beat that score.
As a user, I can choose an avatar while registering or edit it later so that my game profile is customized to my liking.
As a developer I should make sure to build a good and captivating user-interface so that the game attracts more users.
As a user I can change the multiplier for each new game and get corresponding rewards after completing the game.
The system shall be compatible with all browsers (chrome, firefox, safari) and there shall not be any responsive issues with the game for different versions of the browser (last 3 releases) on different platforms including windows 8/10, macos 10+, android 4+, ios 9+.
As a user, I can hear sound effects of bomb explosion and prize received for more interesting gaming experience.
As a user, I can quit the system anytime I want.
As a user, I can see how many more bombs I am left with.
As a user, I can see the history of the games played by me.
As a user, I can see animations so that I can have an interesting gaming experience.
As a user, I can log out without losing the points that I have lost or gained.
As a user, I can recover my password if forgotten.
The system should have code documents, design documents and architecture guidelines so that it is maintainable.
The system should include log rotation with various levels so that the system exceptions and user actions can be logged and debugged if required without overhead space & size complexities.
The system shall be scalable for the growing amount of users in the future. (20 simultaneous users).
As a user, I can mute /unmute sound and change sound volume in the game.
As a user, I can edit my profile information.
As a user, I can remove bombs anywhere from the given 4*4 grid.
As a user, I should be able to place no more than 4 bombs anywhere on the given 4*4 grid.
As a user, I can detonate bombs only after all 4 bombs have been placed on the given 4*4 grid.
As a user, I should be prompted to play the game in landscape mode when I am trying to play in portrait mode.
2017-USC-Project01.txt
As a admin, I can manage user permission.
As a user, I should receive an email after registering so that I am able to confirm my registration.
As a user, I should only see projects I have been assigned to so that I am not exposed to sensitive information.
As an admin, I should be able to associate projects and users so that I can restrict access appropriately.
As a user, I should be able to export software quality metrics so that I can perform off-line statistical analysis.
As a contributor to the project, I should be able to ask the admin to give access to another user to the project.
As a user, I should be able to reset my password with my email if forgotten.
The system shall be https.
As a user, I should be able to request for analyzing my project.
As a user, I should receive a verification email on signup.
As an admin, I should have the ability to grant/deny access of the projects to the user.
As a user, I should be able to view various statistics about the project.
As a contributor, I should be able to access all the projects I worked on so that I can analyze my impact.
As an admin, I should be able to reset users passwords when/if required.
As an admin, I should be able to terminate or block an account temporarily/permanently.
As a user, I should be able to see the evolution of Open-source projects.
As a contributor, I should be able to see the list of analyzed projects that I have contributed to, I am given access to, or any other open source project.
The system shall be in react.js.
20 users should be able to work with the system simultaneously.
User should be able to smoothly interact with the system scatterplot chart of the coevolution of a project with 10000 data points for up to 4 metrics.
User should be able to open project analysis view in system with a load time of less than or equal to 2 seconds.
2016-USC-Project07.txt
As a user, I want to use a simple and clear UI, so that I could easily know how to operate.
As a user, I want a scheduling function that integrates with google calendar so that I get a reminder before my appointment.
As a shelter, I want the ability to quickly select which animals are on Fuppy so that I can control which pets are listed.
As a shelter,I want to get a notification whenever any user books an appointment,so that I can know who is coming to see which pet.
As a user,I want to see the appointments I made, so that I don't forget to visit the shelters.
As a user, I want to be able to locate the shelters based on my location so that I can visit the closest one to me.
As a user,I should be able to book,update or cancel my appointment,so that I inform the agencies.
As a user, I should be able to modify my personal information so that it stays up to date.
As a User, I should be able to see pet's information,so that I can decide whether I should go and see the pet or not.
As a user, I should be able to see the pets' pictures quickly so that I do not have to wait.
As a user I want my information to be kept secure so that it cannot be misused.
As a user I want to be able to see the information of the shelters so that I can contact them.
As a shelter I can input shelter information (not pets) so that my information stays up to date.
As a user I want to apply type/locations/price etc filters on search results sorted so that I can have more accurate results.
2016-USC-Project03.txt
As a user I should be able to see the list of all Chapters available on the Go Grrrls App.
As a user, I can click and view the Girl Bill of Rights.
As a user, I should be able to access the text contents of each chapter.
As a user, I should be able to go to the next/previous section.
As a user, I should be able to consume in-app videos inline with text and also on fullscreen.
As a user, I should be able to play, pause and fast-forward a video or audio in the app.
As a user, I should be able to see hints for the correct answers/see the correct answer, if I pick the wrong answer to a quiz question in the app.
As a user i can return to home page from any chapter.
As a user i should be able to access all the materials through the App.
As a user I should be able to assess myself by taking the tests in the App.
As a user I should be able to play youtube video and audio from within the app.
As a user, I should be able to share any of the YouTube video links
from the chapters to Facebook, Twitter, or Google .
As a user, I should be able to view the welcome page of the Go Grrrls app upon clicking on the app icon.
As a user, I should be able to click the app and have it load within 5 seconds.
As a user, I should be able to run the app even when multiple other apps are running simultaneously.
2017-USC-Project05.txt
As an administrator or house manager, I should be able to view and filter logs of locks access.
As an administrator or house manager, I should be able to see lock battery status, lock names and lock codes.
As a house manager, I should be able to add/delete 'others'.
As an administrator or house manager, I should be able to see the hub (offline/online) and lock (locked/unlocked) status.
As an administrator or house manager, I should be able to assign random codes through a random number generator.
As an administrator, I should be able to allow more than one working code per lock.
As an administrator, I can create a group of locks and add/delete locks in the group.
As a house manager, I can select one or multiple locks to add/delete/edit codes.
As an administrator, I can add/delete 'managers' and 'others' and help them reset their password.
As a house staff, I should be able to see given lock number and lock code.
As an administrator, I can enter my SmartThings client id and secret to authorize access to the locks.
2016-USC-Project02.txt
As a user, I can view the trailers of videos and purchase the related DVD's on Shop Page.
As a parent, I can set up recurring payments for my child's tuition.
As the client, I can check my email and Google Drive for new applicants and their information.
As a client, I can add link of yearbook on website so that parents/students can view them.
As an admin, I can update parent's details on roster so that all parents can view each others details on a password protected/private page.
As a admin I can update information at news section of the website, which also triggers notification to all members about it.
As a member, I can view the detailed information of events in a calendar on a password protected page.
The system shall be a combination of three websites where all the content from these websites will be migrated.
As a student/parent, I can register and pay for music courses online, so that it becomes easier for me to signup, instead of printing and submitting form.
As a user, I can view the details of all the courses and schedule of classes at one place, so that I dont have to search different websites to do the same.
As an admin, I can check my mail for Inquiries/feedbacks provided by the users through Contact Us page, so that the concerns of users are addressed in a timely manner.
As a student, I can download music notes from the private/password protected page on the website , so that I can practice well for rehearsals and concerts.
As a donor, I can make donations online via a secure payment system, so that I can support the VYMA community in their endeavors.
As a user, I can subscribe to VYMA's weekly newsletter to receive news and updates.
2017-USC-Project04.txt
As a user, I will see the daily challenge on pop up screen.
As a user, I can send challenge request to my friends.
As a user, I will see the time remaining of the challenge.
As a user, I can get challenge notification from app.
As a user, I can try to give suggestion to challenge topic.
As a user, i can get notification from completed challenge that i sent.
As a user, I can verify that my posted challenges is completed or not. If challenge is verified completed, I can get a reward.
As a user, I can get reward after I finished a challenge.
As a user, I can check how many challenges left that I have.
As a user, I can invite my friends to participate the challenge via contact list.
As a user, I can use my challenge score to buy sth.
As a student, I can see the upcoming challenges in the following days so that I can prepare them.
As a student, I can select a competitor from my challenger list and compete with him/her.
As a competitor, I can view my opponent challenge-related posts from challenge page so that I can verify whether he/she cheated.
As a competitor, I can verify my opponent post so that the system would give the corresponding score to him/her.
As a user, I can receive a notification from Populic when I was picked as a competitor so that I am able to do the challenge task immediately.
As a competitor, I can verify (decline/accept) my opponent post so that the system would give the corresponding score to him/her.
As a competitor, I can post my own challenge post (either a photo/video).
As a user, I can use different iPhone models to play challenge game.
As a user, I can easily and directly play the challenge game without too many procedures.
As a user, I could see my rank in the system rank system for all registered users.
As a user, I could go back to the previous page b/c we have chance to click some button by mistake.
As a user, I can add text on my photos.
As a user, I can pick a competitor from all challengers who have challenged me today.
As a user, I can preview my photo before I post it.
As a user, I can see the finish time of my challenge task on the game on page.
As a user, I can check daily challenge and upcoming challenge.
As a user, I can get the detail of daily challenge content.
As a user, I can submit some idea which can help application improve.
As a user, I can know, how many friend I invite and how many friend challenge me.
2017-USC-Project06.txt
As a user I can connect my CGM to the application.
As a user I should be able to download the application from the website.
As a user, I can set levels for the app to warn me if my blood sugar gets too high.
As a user, I can view information about diabetes on the website.
As a user, I can create an account and store my personal information in my account in the app.
As user , i can get push notification on my health.
As user , i can have a separate profile by creating an account using email and password.
As user , i can enter blood glucose level.
As a user, I can input the meal, insulin level taken.
As a user, I can use the app to visualize graphically on the progress of the sugar level over a required duration (a week, a day or a month).
As a user, I can sign up or login to the system.
As a user, I should be able to see the trend in my insulin usage and map to my food consumption.
As a user, I want the insulin recommendations to be customized in special cases like gestational diabetes and such.
As a user I want my personal information to be stored in a secure database.
2017-USC-Project07.txt
As a scriptwriter, I should be able to interact with the other scriptwriters.
As a scriptwriter, I should be able to get feedback from producers using a feedback form.
As a User, I can view a blog post.
As a User, I can like a blog post.
As a User, I can comment on a blog post if I have logged in.
As a user, I can share the post on other social media platforms,namely facebook and twitter.
As a user, I can search for blog posts.
As a user, I can view blog posts by categories.
As a user, I can view trending posts.
As an Admin, I can edit/add a post.
As an admin, I can delete user comments.
As an admin, I can save a post as a draft.
As a user, I can view posts by author.
As an admin, I can add/edit categories and tags of a blog post.
As a user, I can view posts similar/related to a given blog post.
2016-USC-Project01.txt
As a user, I can sort the products listed based on the color, size, price range and style.
As a retailer, I should have the customers be redirected to my website for completing the transaction so that traffic on my website is increased.
As a user, I can see products which are available, which are sold out on the website so that I don't waste time on already sold out products.
As a User, I should be able to see the items on discount so that I am able to minimize cost.
As a User, I can view a responsive version of Frenzy on my phone so that I can shop a product from anywhere.
As a user, I can buy clothing from digital media using Frenzy.
As a user, I can slide the collection of products on display so that I get a better user experience.
As a user, I can see a loader animation on clicking on product layout buttons so that I am not viewing a blank page.
As a user, I can view the details of the centered product on  the product slide layout by default  for better UI experience.
As a user, I can collapse the "sort by drop down menu box" by clicking anywhere on the page except the box for better user experience.
As a user, I can sort the products by creation time, so that I can possibly follow the latest trends.
As a user, I can sort the products by it's price ( low to high and high to low)  so that I can get the product of my price range easily.
As a user, I can sort the products by it's popularity (Number of views, rating) so that I can get the best available product.
As a user, I can view a cluster of similar products for each selected product.
As a user, I should  be able to focus on the product whose shop widget has been clicked so that I am easily able to view the product of interest.
As a user, I can view similar items for each of the tags within the product.
As a user, I should be able to see the transparent, concentric circles, so that I can view the product image more clearly.
2016-USC-Project09.txt
As a user , I should be able to receive Temperature based notification via text when it exceeds a threshold.
As a user, I should be able to toggle the display of information between English and Spanish languages.
As a user, I should be able to watch educational videos in the application at any time.
As a user, I should be able to create a checklist.
As a user, I should be able to do quizzes.
As an Admin I should be able to upload videos.
As an Admin I should be able to create quizzes and educational content.
As an admin, I should be able to add, and delete the educational contents.
As an admin, I should be able to define roles for App Access (App Security).
As a user, I should be able to opt-in for receiving text messages to receive content similar to what's on the app.
As a user, I should be able to report that I am feeling ill or dizzy in order to identify signs of heat-illness.
As a user, I should be able to sync-up my schedule with the app to get relevant information at the right time.
As a user, I should receive some information about what should I have to wear for tomorrow.
As a user, I should be able to share my location with emergency services.
As a user, I should receive the information about the tommarow's weather.
As a user I should be able to view current temperature data.
As a user, I should be able to create emergency contact list, and also be able to contact 911 and CalOsha.
As an admin, I should see all of the information of farm.
As a user, I should know how to work with application.
As an admin I should be able to access all temperature and health data collected from the farmers.
As a farm manager/contractor I should be able to search for farmers available to work.
As a user, I should be able to access the educational material without internet connection.
As a user, I should be able to disable my account.
As as admin, I should see all of the framework's information.
As a user I should be able to change the notification tone and vibration levels.
As a user I should be able to create and modify my profile - weight / height / other metrics.
As a user, I should be able to use most features with minimal mobile data usage.
2016-USC-Project08.txt
As an admin, I can add course content in the application, so that I can increase the quality of the curriculum.
As a user, I can sign up for the application.
As a maintainer, I can update the application in AppStore so that users can use the newest version.
As a maintainer, I can build the app all by myself.
As a user, I can change/reset password for my account in the application.
As an admin, I can disable accounts from entrepreneur if they violate the policy of this application.
As a user, I can delete my account.
As an entrepreneur, I can see mentor information once I am matched with that mentor.
As a entrepreneur, I will have access to individualized curriculum.
As an admin, I will use an algorithm that will match entrepreneur and mentors.
As an entrepreneur, I can complete a profile/questionnaire that provides information that the system (for matchmaking) can utilize.
As a mentor, I can view profile/questionnaires of entrepreneurs.
As a mentor, I can create new lesson/curriculum content.
As a user, I can send/receive messages within the app.
As a mentor, I can assign, track, and review homework.
As an entrepreneur, I can have a 1-on-1 mentor assigned after filling out the questionnaire/quiz.
As an entrepreneur, I can submit/edit/re-submit any homework assignments from a curriculum through the app.
As a mentor, I will be able to quickly identify entrepreneurs strength and weakness through assessments.
As a user I can post issues or comment on existing issues on the general forum.
As a user, I can access to the community forum.
As a user, I can like/unlike a post in the news feed.
As a user, I can comment on a post in the news feed.
As a user, I can share a post in the news feed.
2019-USC-Project05.txt
As a user, I can submit reports of workplace violence or conflict both anonymously or anonymously, so that my problems are known to some subject matter expert and can be resolved as soon as possible.
As a user, I can add comments to my submitted report, so that I can add additional information to the complaint which can be useful to the subject matter experts.
As an admin, I can filter reports based on level of severity, so that I can address high-risk complaints first.
As an organization, I can view all the reports that have been resolved by VRS, so that I can understand the current state of affairs at the workplace in terms of violence and conflicts.
As a VRS admin, I can view all the cases.
As an organization, I can make sure all my clients are safe from any workplace violence.
As an organization, I can redirect the employees to another organization based on the severity of the situation.
As a user, I can be anonymous about my identity when submitting violence reports.
As a VRS, I can delete any irrelevant complaints that have been reported, so that employees of an organization are not falsely accused of a crime or conflict.
As a developer, I can re-use already available open-source ticket management or case management systems, so that I can minimize development time and costs.
As a VRS admin who has access to ticketing system, I can filter tickets based on organization, severity, complaint type and period of time.
As a VRS admin, I can view and download the case filed by the employee.
As a VRS admin, I can edit the assignee and ticket status.
As an employee, I can view all my cases.
As an employee, I can edit my profile details.
As an employee, I should be able to check the status of the cases/complaints I filed.
As a VRS, I can view the complaints filed and assign them to subject matter experts.
As a VRS, I can filter out cases based on their status for ease of viewing.
As a VRS, I can generate reports for the cases filed and also summary reports per organization.
As an employee, I can file an anonymous complaint if I want to and I expect my anonymity to be maintained.
As an employee, I can track the status of the complaints and have 2-way communication with VRS in the comments section of the ticketing system.
As an organization, we can look at the stats the ongoing and past cases, so that we can take the corresponding action to create a safe workplace.
As a VRS subject matter expert, I can verify the credibility of the complaints filed and investigate them, so that we can notify the organizations only the valid cases.
As an employee, I can post a complaint along with details like when, where and who was involved and also submit evidence of any format like audio, video, photo, document etc.
As an organization, we can generate reports for each case, so that it can be used in board meetings, litigation etc.
As an anonymous user, the user should login but the details are not tagged to the ticket to prevent misuse of complete anonymity.
As a VRS, I can assign, resolve and form reports of the cases filed by employees, so that employees are assured of prevention of workplace violence.
As a VRS, I can email organization on the verified news required by the Organization, so that employees can be in conducive environment.
As a developer, I can encrypt the data, so that security of the data is maintained.
As an organization, I can check the workplace updates from VRS, so that violence can be mitigated.
The system should be developed so that it can be easily integrated with any ticket management system in future with few configurational changes, so that the product can easily scale.
As a VRS, I can prioritize the workplace violence cases, so that time for all the admins can be saved.
As a VRS admin, I can generate the report which can contain media files tagged to that case for better understanding.
As a developer, the password will not be sent in an API call or stored in the database in a plain text format for better security.
As a user who raised a complaint, I can request in the portal to expedite the process for faster resolution.
As a user, I should be able to update my contact details in case of change, so that my account will always be up to date.2018-USC-Project03.txt
As a developer, I can do relatively low-cost knowledge transfer to new staff with the aid of well-written documentation.
System shall be easy and pleasant to use.
As the super admin, I can log into the site with a username and password.
As the admin, I can log into the site with a username and password.
As a contributor, I can log into the site with a username and password.
As a contributor, I can view overall project progress, current week goal, verticals in work.
As a contributor, I can view goals made in past weeks or goals made for future weeks.
As a contributor, I can receive notifications as a piece of content moves through the various stages of development (approved, rejected, parked).
As a contributor, I can send or receive message to or from other users.
As a contributor, I can track my own success rate by the draft to approved pitch conversion ratio.
As a contributor, I can sign out of the system and end my current session.
As a contributor, I can create a new draft idea and add details.
As a contributor, I can modify a draft.
As a contributor, I can remove a draft.
As a contributor, I can view a draft's details.
As a contributor, I can pitch a drafted idea.
As a contributor, I can view the details of a pitch in the global pitch board.
As a contributor, I can filter pitches by criteria such as status, creator ID etc.
As a contributor, I can make changes to my own profile.
As a super admin, I can view overall project progress, goal vertical, number of pitches needed by each vertical, progress of each vertical.
As a super admin, I can view goals made for past weeks or future weeks.
As a super admin, I can receive notifications as a piece of content moves through the various stages of development (approved, rejected, parked).
As a super admin, I can receive or send messages from or to other users.
As a super admin, I can log out of the system and end their current session.
As a super admin, I can view or edit the details of a pitch in the global pitch board.
As a super admin, I can approve/reject a pitch.
As a super admin, I can filter pitches by criteria.
As a super admin, I can view/edit a pitch in the weekly publishing calendar.
As a super admin, I can approve the publishing calendar.
As a super admin, I can filter pitches by criteria.
As a super admin, I can export the weekly publishing calendar into a CSV file.
As a super admin, I can view/edit a pitch in the parking board.
As a super admin, I can pull a parked pitch into publishing calendar.
As a super admin, I can view team member details.
As a super admin, I can change a member's account type.
As a super admin, I can create a new admin or contributor account.
As a super admin, I can delete an existing account.
As a super admin, I can set goals for current week and future weeks.
As a super admin, I can check past weeks' goals.
As a super admin, I can modify my own profile.
As an admin, I can view project progress, current week goals and progress of each vertical.
As an admin, I can view goals made in past weeks or made for future weeks.
As an admin, I can receive notification as a piece of content moves through the various stages of development (approved, rejected, parked).
As an admin, I can send or receive messages to or from other users.
As an admin, I can log out of the system and end my session.
As an admin, I can view/edit a pitch in the global pitch board.
As an admin, I can approve/reject a pitch.
As an admin, I can filter pitches by criteria.
As an admin, I can view member details.
As an admin, I can change a member's account type.
As an admin, I can create a new account for admin or contributor.
As an admin, I can delete an existing account.
As an admin, I can edit my own profile.
For each vertical, show number of draft, number of pitches submitted, number of pitches approved/ parked/ rejected.
As a super admin, I will receive notification as a new pitch needs to be reviewed.
When weekly deadline approves, weekly publishing calendar needs to be reviewed.
As an admin, I will receive notification as a new pitch needs to be reviewed.2019-USC-Project11.txt
As a registered user, I can video chat with a financial expert.
As a registered user, I can search through a list of financial experts.
As a registered user, I can access tools to help me understand my finances.
As a financial expert, I can see my received payment history for past sessions.
As a financial expert, I can manage my calendar to schedule appointment availability to video chat with users.
As a guest user, I can take a quiz to find out my Money Belief.
As a registered user, I can manage an appointment for video chat with a financial expert by using calendar.
As a registered user, I can see my payment history.
As a registered user, I can rate the financial expert with whom I had appointment.
As a registered user, I can pay for my session with the financial expert.
As a financial expert, I can receive payment for my session with user.
As a registered user, I can update my payment method.
As a registered user, I can view a financial expert's profile.
As a registered user, I can search through educational videos and articles.
As a financial expert, I can update my profile Bio.
As a financial expert, I can set my status to "Online".
As a registered user, I can access financial related calculators.
As a financial expert, I can store my notes securely.
As a registered user, I can see my message history with financial experts.
As a registered user, I can see my session appointment history.
As a registered user, I can authorize my video records and transcripts be analyzed for personality data.
As a financial expert, I can authorize my video records and transcripts be analyzed to gain personality data about my client.
As a registered user, I can see that my personal information is secured.
As a registered user, I should be charged after the appointment session has completed with the financial expert.
As a registered user, I can chat with the financial expert within the app.
As a registered user, I should be able to access the Video streaming library which provide more insight on budgeting.
As a financial expert, I can see the history of users whom I've given advice to.
As a financial expert, I should be able to make changes to an appointment if there is a personal emergency.
As a guest user, I can signup to access the privileged features like making an appointment, video chat etc.
As a financial expert, I can set times on my calendar for when I am available for appointments that users can then select and commit to meeting at.
As a financial expert, I can manage appointments and receive notifications.
As a registered user, I can ask for a refund if I am not satisfied with the financial guidance that I received.
As a registered user, I can access video content library that provides various topics on financial therapy, debt/asset management, etc.
As a registered user, I can view profiles of Financial experts based upon different categories.
As a financial expert, I can view the feedback and ratings provided by my customers.
As a registered user, I can schedule a live session with the Financial Expert.
As a registered user, I can have on-demand advice from financial experts.
As a financial expert, I can keep a track of the total income generated, total minutes talked and all the users who took the advice.
As a registered user, I get access to various informative blogs and videos.
As a registered user, I can sign up/in with facebook or gmail.
As a financial expert, I can sign up/in with LinkedIn.test.txt
The system sends the user an email.
The system informs the user that the battery is full
The system validates that the password is correct
The system warns the user not to restart the system.
The customer selects not to ll the tank
The system marks the errors to be red.
The system commands the motor to start.
The system keeps the user waiting.
The system validates the record entered by the customer.
The system keeps the door open
The system makes the user an administrator.
The system tells the user where to go.
The system stops the motor when the tank is full
The server responds the query quickly
The system will eject the ATM card.
The system sends the message to the customer.
The system guides where to go.
The motor stops when the tank is full.
The system starts to ll the tank.
The printer starts printing the document
The elevator moves up or down.
The customer is employee.
The system waits for 5 seconds.
The ATM card is ejected by the system.
The ATM card will be ejected by the system.
The system prompts for password.
ATM customer enters the withdrawal amount.
If the ATM card is valid.
The system restarts
Include UCS Validate PIN
Extend Handle Card Jam
Resume M2.
Repeat M4-M8.
CardReader, CashDispenser and ReceiptPrinter are the schedule of ATM.2019-USC-Project10.txt
As a developer, I can map IMDB attributes with respect to Twitter mentions or hashtags.
As a developer, I can filter the data pulled from Twitter with a specific timestamp to reduce the data size.
As a developer, I can design a backend system which can provide APIs to frontend system for demo purposes.
As a user, I can find the popular movies with higher rankings by searching in the system.
Client can retrieve the data from AWS do data processing for the machine learning models accordingly.
As a prime video user, I can use twitter data, or other social media, to recommend to prime video users movies and tv shows.
As a prime video user, I can see what tv shows/movies are trending on social media.
As a developer, I can access social media data to create a tool that maps the data to IMDB titles.
As a developer, I can display the results of the tool by creating a website where the movie titles are ranked by social media buzz.
As a user, I can input movie titles to get the related info like comments pulled from social media of certain movies which I'm interested in.
As a developer, I can script most of the IMDB titles/pages and link them to Twitter mentions/hashtags.2019-USC-Project04.txt
The final product shall be modular and integrate easily into the rest of Field Progress's tech stack.
The final product shall accept as input districts/precincts of any size.
The final product shall consider district/precinct topography (hills, freeways, etc.) when calculating the most optimal route for volunteers to take.
The final product shall render an optional map with voters placed as points, and line(s) indicating the best route(s) for the volunteers to take, representing the grouping of voters using colors.
The final product shall accept as input a variable number of volunteers.
The final product shall accept as input a variable time range for volunteers to canvass (e.g. 2 hours).
User should be able to input voter data into the system and be able to see it in map.
The final product shall be executable on Windows, Linux, and MacOS operating systems.
The final product should have comments describing each major function and class in the code.
The final product shall fail gracefully on error with a status code of 0.
The project should have a well documented project plan through out the development cycle, so the whole team knows what needs to be done and when (This would help streamline the project).
Success critical stakeholders should be able to effectively track the project progress through version control systems like GitHub.
Given voter data and availability of volunteers, we should be able to work on a feasible algorithm which automatically cuts the turfs.
It should Implement an efficient clustering algorithm that scales, seeing as this will be the main core of the project.
Develop an accurate algorithm for turf cutting.
A tool where we can load a voter list, and it produces clustered voter list.
We can specify # volunteers, time per volunteer, time per conversation, and likelihood of conversation as parameters.
A test framework for objectively verifying its effectiveness.2018-USC-Project02.txt
As a registered user, I want to see the performance of my investments over time using the visualization tool.
As an unregistered/registered user, I can view a list of service providers.
As a registered user, I can login using Social Media sites.
As a registered user, I would like to leave reviews for service providers.
As a verified service provider, I can reply to reviews left on my page.
As a registered user, I can manage investments to my investment profile.
As a registered user, I can make pages or profiles for service providers.
As an unregistered/registered user, I can search for service providers.
As an administrator, I can moderate the user created content.
As a user, I have access to service providers contact information.
As a service provider, I can see the reviews posted about me by others.
As a registered user, I can vote on reviews.
As an admin, I can remove a flagged user.
As a registered user, I can report(flag) other users.
As an administrator, I can verify the identity of a service provider.
As a registered user, I can comment on the blog.
As an administrator, I can view website utilization statistics.
As a registered user, I can add property information to the tracking tool.
As a user, I can find a service provider by email, phone number, or name.
As a registered user, I can rate a service provider without leaving text reviews.
As an administrator, I can post articles to the blog.
As a registered user, I can start a discussion in the discussion board of the site.
As a user (investor or service provider), I will receive notifications by email about the comment reviews others have registered.
As a registered user, I have at least every site permission that a non-registered user has.
As a site admin, I have at least all of the same permissions as a registered user.
As a non-registered user, I can read reviews.
As a non-registered user, I can create an account from a link on the home page.
As a non-registered user, I can share blog posts on popular social media applications through links inside of the blog.
As a non-registered user, I can read the site blog.
As a non-registered user, I can search service providers by state, city, and service type (eg. Real Estate Agent, Property Manager, Contractors, etc).
As a registered user, I track an investment property by inputting the address, rent, purchase price, loan amount, down payment, and expenses.
As a registered user, I can reset my password through an email authentication system.
As a non-registered user, I can search the discussion board using text input.
As a non-registered user, I can read the site discussion board.
As a registered user, I can choose to activate two factor authentication for login.
As a registered user, I can adjust my email notification settings.
As a registered user, I can export my tracking tool data to a "csv" file.2019-USC-Project12.txt
The system shall be developed using React Native.
The system shall store persistent account (i.e. name, contacts, interests, etc.) data in a database.
The system shall sync to a given device's contact list once given permission.
The system shall store the hashed version of the password in a database (increase the user's account security).
The system shall authenticate the user using an email and password, allowing an individual to sign into their account from multiple devices.
The system shall communicate with online merchants, so it can offer products from said merchants.
As a user, I can reset my password using my email address, in the case that I have forgotten my old one.
As a user, I can receive notifications about an upcoming, important event of an added GiftBuddy contact (These notifications could also be set up manually by the users themselves in settings).
As a user, I can navigate to an online shopping link to purchase the gift recommended to me.
As a user, I can create a GiftBuddy account using an email address, password, name, and phone number.
As a user, I can provide feedback on a selected gift after an important date has passed (option to turn off feedback notification).
As a user, I can view relevant information (i.e., name, rating, price, etc.) on a recommended gift.
As a user, I can view the previous gifts I selected to gift people.
As a user, I can manually enter multiple important dates for each selected contact with an option for custom label or selection of general holidays/events.
As a user, I can manually remove a single contact or a group of contacts from my GiftBuddy account.
As a user, I can set a GiftBuddy contact as a favorite.
As a user, I can search through my GiftBuddy contacts.
As a user, I can login to the GiftBuddy app using a different social media account, such as a Facebook login (depends if this requires a partnership with a social media platform).
As a user, I can search for a specific gift on the app.
As a user, I can save, discard, or favorite gifts recommended to me.
As a user, I can receive gift recommendations based on a budget and relevant interests that I inputted in for the contact.
As a user, I can set a total budget for gift giving (default is no limit).
As a user, I can enter my various contacts' interests as a series of bullet points.
As a user, I can manually add a GiftBuddy contact and relevant information (i.e., name, important dates, interests, etc.).
As a user, I can install this application on my mobile phone both on iOS and Android platform (depending on feasibility of React Native).
As a user, I can manually update my contact's information.2019-USC-Project06.txt
As a user, I can mark a category as Minimum Marketable Feature when creating it.
As a user, I can save the prioritization results from the TOPSIS analysis.
As a user, I can adjust the importance of each goal using the slider.
As a user, I can enter weight coefficients according to the criteria (Business Value/Relative Penalty/Ease of Realization) for a win condition while using TOPSIS.
As a user, I can adjust the coefficient on each win-win category while evaluating its effect on the project.
As a user, I can log out.
As a user, I can reset my password if I forget it.
As a user, I should be able to upload a picture from my desktop as my profile picture.
As a user, I can see a demo of winbook functionality.
As a user, I can create a new win condition.
As a user, I can only delete a win condition that I created.
As a user, I can join a project.
As a user, I can create a new win condition category.
As a user, I can filter the view of win conditions by category.
As a user, I can set the business value, relative penalty, and ease of realization of a goal without a need to remember the order of them.
As a user, I can edit my profile information such as name, surname, profile picture, organization or password.
As a user, I can see people that agree with my win condition.
As a user, I can quote/reply on other people's comments.
As a user, I want to export the win conditions to excel.
As a user, I want to sort win conditions by criteria.
As a user, I can tag someone to my comment using @username.
As a user, I can agree or disagree with a win condition (maybe with upvote/downvote).
As an owner, I can make a project private or public.
As an owner or admin, I can edit the list of approved members (add or delete) from the project settings page.
As an owner, I can use the project settings page to give admin rights to a project member.
As a user, I can view the project list page from the homepage.
As a user, I can delete only my own posts and comments.
As an admin, I can edit and delete everyone's posts and comments.
As an owner, I can add a new project.
As an owner, I can access the settings page for the projects.
As an owner, I can delete/hide a project from the project settings page.
As a user, I can sort according to the upvotes.
As a user, I can add comments and reply to comments.2018-USC-Project01.txt
As an administrator, I can block users' account when they did something inappropriate.
As a maintainer, I can make sure the information of users are secure.
As an administrator, I can see all users' account information.
As an administrator, I can cancel inappropriate events.
As an administrator, I can see all events' information.
As a maintainer, I can guarantee that user could not lost any message.
As a developer, I can guarantee that user could get exact location information.
As a developer, I can guarantee that user could receive the recommendation they are interested in.
As a maintainer, I can withdraw the account of users, who do not follow a policy.
As an administrator, I can add more events.
As a user, I can close GPS recording let no one find me on map.
As a user, I can contact the other user by calling or messaging within the app.
As a maintainer, I am able to see analytics about past locations of all users.
As a user, I can receive info about future events.
As a maintainer(user-service), I can guarantee I will process all message from users in a certain period time.
As a user, I can see a tutorial entrance to introduce how to use the app.
As a user, I can reject or consent to other's friend request.
As a user, I can block or unblock the message or call from other users.
As a user, I can search for where there are different venues on a map.
As an administrator, I am able to close or open a venue for certain reasons.
As a user, I can import my information from Facebook.
As a user, I can confirm that I entered a venue.
As an administrator, I can edit a venue's details.
As a user, I can see other users and their professions and the venues they are at in my area.
As an user, I can create a user account.
As a user, I have the option to automatically check out of a venue.
As a user, I can confirm that I leaved a venue.
As a user, I can delete present friends.
As a user, I can see frequent asked questions.
As a user, I can see information about current events.
As a user, I can see the certain route from me to my friend.
As a user, I can find all of friends around me.2019-USC-Project07.txt
As a user, I should be able to view personalized reports of my performance in each section, together via tabs.
As a user, I should be shown which questions were answered right and which questions were answered wrong after every quiz.
As a developer, I should be given enough time to fix existing bugs in the app prior implementing new features.
As a developer, I should change the existing UI of the app to make it more interactive for the user.
As a maintainer, I should be able to get user analytics via Google Firebase.
As a developer, I should be able to fix the graph for viewing user stats, so that a user can track his progress.
As a developer, I should be able to publish the app on the app store and provide an option which enables the user to rate the app on the app store.
As a developer, I should be able to restructure the project, so the components have clearer structure.
As a user, I should be able to get a hint when I have trouble answering certain question.
As a user, I should be able to get right or wrong feedback every time I confirmmy answer.
As a user, I should be able to play the app on iOS devices.
As a developer, I should hand off maintainable source code to the client.
The system shall submit the score on the leaderboard.
As a user, I should be able to view my progress report and understand my weak and strong points in Maths with the app.
As a user, I should be able to skip a tough question and proceed to another.2019-USC-Project13.txt
As a system, I should be able to display list of mentors to mentees (based on filters).
As a system, I should be able to display list of mentees to mentors (based on filters).
As a system, I can store the details of mentor and mentees in the database.
As an admin, I should be able to view activity reports sent by the mentors timely.
As a mentee, I can select the mentor based on my criteria.
As a mentor, I can select my mentee based on my criteria.
As a system, I must be able to associate relation between mentor and mentee (based on their requests).
As a user, I should be able to update password (based on entering the correct previous password).
As a mentor, I can provide activity report about my mentee on monthly basis to admin.
As a mentor, I should be able to create, update and track activity records of Mentee.
As a mentor, I should be able to submit reports to the admin every month.
As a mentor, I can reset my password.
As a mentee, I can reset my password.
As a mentee, I should be able to see the list of available mentors and send a request for connection.
As a mentor, I should be able to monitor my training phase activities.
As a mentor, I should be able to accept mentee requests to establish a connection.
As a mentor, I should be able to mark my availability.
As an admin, I should be able to export the report of list of all mentors.
As a mentee, I should be able to update my personal information/contact details.
As a mentor, I should be able to update my personal information which includes phone no, availability, photo, etc.
As an admin, I should be able to send reminders to the mentors who missed sending their monthly report.
As an admin, I should be able to view the statistics of successful matches.
As a user, I should be able to load the website quickly and able to easily access the site.
As an admin, I should be able to delete/deactivate users.
As a mentor, I must be able to register my details and be shown as available for Mentorship process.
As a mentee, I must be able to upload my details and be able to search and connect with mentors suitable for my profile.
As an admin, I must be able to track all available mentors and mentees, and get monthly reports on the progress of Mentorship program.
As a developer, I must be able to integrate the web application into client's server while, learning technology.
As an end-user, I must be able to navigate through the application seamlessly.
As an admin, I must be able to assign mentors to mentees.
Mentees should be able to select mentor from available mentors but mentors can ask for mentee based on race.
As an administrator, I should be able to get statistics on number of mentors, mentees and on pre-program survey answers and on post-program survey answers.
The web app should be same when viewed on desktop, tablet or mobile device.
As a mentor, I can report my interactions with my mentee.
As an admin, I can export a report with the mentor/mentee interactions.
As an admin, I can update the status of mentor & mentees trainings.
As an admin, I can match mentors to mentees.
As a mentee/mentor, I can opt out from the program and from further communication.
The system shall render correctly on mobile platforms.2019-USC-Project03.txt
As a student, I can add classes he/she is currently visiting to connect with peers and teachers.
As a student, I can schedule a meeting with tutors.
As a student, I can check what are trending topics.
As a teacher, I can see what are students talking about.
As a teacher, I can upload recored videos.
As a student, I can join discussion groups.
We can finish the first iteration before the deadline that the client gave.
We can finish the project without extra budget.
As a student, a user can ask questions on the platform and the question would be pushed to corresponding users.
As a parent, a user can locate his child with several input about the student.
As a parent, a user can track the study progress of his/her child.
As a teacher, a user can put quiz on the platform for students to finish online.
As a user, I can mention someone in a post, so that I can invite other people to discussion.
As a maintainer, I can see real time statistic of the website, so that I can monitor the stability of the website.
As a teacher user, I can post assignment to specific students, so that I can improve the performance of students accordingly.
As a user, I can post anonymously, so that I won't get bullied by others.
As an admin, I can delete a post, so that I can improve the quality of discussion.
As a user, I can report/dislike and report a post, so that admin will notice and delete bad posts.
Post can be created/commented/favorited/voted by students and teachers.
Post can be deleted by admin.
Parents can bind their children after invitation accepted.
Teachers can create/update assignments.
Students can upload their finished assignment.
As a student, I can create a study group and send invitation to other students through the message.
As a student, I can receive the invitation of the study group through the message in the website.
As a student, I can check the status of my groups and manage(delete) my groups.
As the teacher, I can assign homework to students in my class, so that save my time.
As the teacher, I can check if my students finish the homework.
As a teacher, I can send the invitation to my students to get their confirmation, so that I can contact my students instead of other student who have same name with my student.
As a student, I can view the posts made by other students in the collaboration network.
As a student, I can upvote an answer/question which i find useful.
As a student, I can bookmark or favorite questions which are relevant to me.2018-USC-Project05.txt
As a user, I can browse from a list of existing base recipes.
As a user, I will be given an estimated pick up/wait time prior to submitting my order.
As a user, I can see the nutrition detail of my customized coffee.
As a user, I can delete a saved recipe which I no longer want to hold from my recipes list.
As a user, I can add and save a default payment method for my orders.
As a user, I can customize an existing base recipe and save it as my own recipe.
As a user, I can produce my coffee recipe as a picture and save the picture in the phone.
As a user, I can customize the color and theme of my coffee app.
As a user, I can earn rewards for using my coffee app.
As a user, I would like to be able to set an avatar for myself within the app.
As a user, I would like to be able to create a testimonial with a picture and send it to a kiosk where it will briefly display.
As a user, I would like to be able to see fun facts or quotes (similar to Snapple) within the app.
As a user, I should be able to share the recipe via social media ( e.g. Facebook, Twitter ).
As a user, I should be able track rewards and cash in for appropriate rewards.
As an admin, I should have a unique portal to track inventory, view kiosk usage and track demographic information.
As a supplier, I should be able to receive updates from the admin via a page on the portal.
As a user, I can easily replace my last order.
As a user, I can send someone else a cup of coffee I've purchased for them.
As a user, I can view my order history.
As a user, I can change which kiosk I send my order to.
As a user, I canuse apple pay or paypal to purchase coffee.
As a user, I can customise my coffee.
As a user, I can view the recipe from my saved coffee selections and choose to vend it.
As a user, I will be able to check if my recipe contains specific allergens.
As a maintainer, I will be able to track any faulty kiosks.
As a maintainer, I will be able to update the location of any new kiosks.
As a user, I can log in/out the app with my username and password or existed social media account.
As a user, I can update any one of customized recipes which is stored in my recipe list.
As a user, I can identify how many available kiosks are near around me and where exactly they are.2019-USC-Project02.txt
As a user, I can learn information about the company and software that is clearly presented and provides a good understanding of the platform's capabilities by visiting the website.
As a user, I can sign up with a username and password (or with common logins like Google and Facebook) to be either a student or a tutor for a specific language, so that I can use the application with my profile to log in with linkedin, google, wechat.
As a user, I can input my preferred schedule.
As a tutor, I can accept tutoring requests in accordance with my availability.
As a student, I can request a specific tutoring time with my tutor.
As a tutor, I can share presentation materials, to include powerpoint and videos, with my students.
As a future maintainer/developer, (after project handoff) I can easily understand the technologies used to create the platform via thorough documentation and through the use of common, well established/supported technologies.
As a maintainer, I can manage the information of tutors and courses displayed on admin page.
As a student, I can read descriptions of tutors in their pages, including their basic information and lessons given by them.
As a student, I can watch lesson videos at any time online (free and paid).
As a tutor, I can post blogs on the website.
As a leader of the company, I can learn statistical information including lessons views, lessons-sales, user amount, etc.
As a user, I can consult information about all tutors.
As a user, I can learn about what program ELA can provide and what key feature they have before I request tutoring.
As a user, I can check my request record and the schedule.
As a user, I can get the notification in time when schedule changes or something else happens.
As a tutor, I can get a reasonable schedule, not schedule classes outside of my expected working hours.
As a user, I can choose different payment methods.
As a user, I can navigate the website easily.
As a tutor, I can offer my detailed information such as education, experience, subject expertise, availability, etc (by submitting form).
As a maintainer, I can upgrade the resources such as courses' materials, exercises, videos, etc.
As a tester, I can easily write some integration test on the project.
As a programmer, I can get a clear description of the requirements from the client.
As a feasibility analysist, I can figure out all the possibilities of tools that fit our project.
As a user, I can communicate with the customer service when I have some questions.
As a user, I can find our website through Google.com easily.
As a project architect, I can get many details of every module in the project.
As a client, I will have a project with all basic functions completed at the end of the schedule.
As a tutor, I can update the course video easily.
As a user, I can exchange thoughts with classmates via comments.
As a programmer, I can prioritize each task given by client.
As a user, I have multiple course schedule choices.
As a user, I can catch up with the study process through replaying videos.
As a system architect, I can integrate each module without confliction.
As a user, I need to be able to log in to access further information on my learning progress.
As a user, I need the payment method to work to purchase a class.
As a user, I need to be able to find my ideal tutor through the info I provided.
As a user, I need to be able to schedule time with the tutor I choose.
As a user, I need to be able to view the videos of classes.
As a user and a tutor, I need to be able to use live-streaming feature for one-on-one classes.
As a student, I am able to coomplete a request form.
As a user, I can get an auto response in email after submitting the request.
As a student, I can complete an evaluation form.
As a student user, I can be paired with an instructor who matches my language and schedule if available.
As a tutor, I can input my schedule availability into the system.
As a tutor, my availability will reflect the fact that I am now booked.
As a student, I can cancel or re-schedule tutoring time within a specific time window.
As a student, I can read blogs and make a comment.2018-USC-Project04.txt
As a user, I can generate tasks with varying levels of importance.
As an office administrative user, I can manage patient data and inventory on my doctor's behalf.
As a user, I can trust the the application securely handles personal information (e.g., full names, social security numbers, credit card information, etc.).
As a doctor, my patients' and my data will be preserved for a specified amount of time after the free trial ends or a subscription ends.
As a user, I can access information such as articles or videos that will train me to use the system.
As an admin, I can customize the portal, so it aligns with my profession.
As a user, I can track customers have been referred.
As a user, I can have reports be automatically generated on a schedule.
As a doctor, I can match patients to products.
As a user, I am able to create new patient records.
As a doctor, I am able to view a report of product purchases.
As an administrator, I am able to save and retrieve important patient documents from within the system.
As a developer, we have to provide separate access privileges to patient documents.
As a developer, I need to protect the app against SQL Injections and Cross Site Scripting.
As a user, I can create an invoice for my patients.
As a doctor, I can recommend products for my patients in their file.
As a user, I can import vendor product information with a csv file.
As a doctor, I want this app to integrate with my scheduling application.
As a user, I can have a task related to a patient.
As a user, I can assign a task to a doctor.
As a user, I can add allergies and medications for a specific patient.
As a doctor, I can edit the progress of a patient along with his/her basic info like date of last visit, height and weight.
As a user, I can view and add/edit visit details like address, emergency contact and insurance info of a specific patient and attach the data to the patient record.
As a user, I can add multiple products by uploading a CSV file that has information of these said multiple products.
As a user, I can export product info (either just one product or a set of products) to a CSV file.
As a doctor, I can fill out the order form for a product to be purchased for a patient.
As a doctor, I can choose a patient or a set of patients to recommend a product (1 product mapped to 1 or more patients).
As a doctor, I can choose a product or a set of products to recommend to a patient (1 patient mapped to 1 or more products).
As a user, I can delete a form or a set of forms at once.
As a user, I can download a form or a set of forms at once.
As a user, I can add a new form.2018-USC-Project06.txt
As a user, I can log in the website to access my profile.
As a patient, I can pull family members and friends into group to notify everyone in the group.
As a patient, I can search for nearby patients with same conditions to get some useful information.
As a patient, I can message family members or friends to ask for some helps.
As a patient, I can share my calendar and allow them to sign up for my posted events or tasks.
As a support group member, I can get a notification when a patient has an upcoming appointment.
As a patient, I can securely share my calendar with my support group.
As a patient, I can securely send private messages to my support group.
As a support group member, a patient can send me a link to sign up and add them to my network.
As a patient, I can contact other patients that have the same health condition.
As a patient, I can decide which kind of event in my calendar the support group can access.
As an administrator, I can suspense or delete a user's account.
As a family member of a patient, I can check if the patient attended an event.
As a member of a support group, I can decide whether my network is exclusive for certain types of illness.
As a member of a support group, I can publish what time I am available, so that patient will contact me only when I am able to help.
As a patient, I can send instant secured direct messaging to any individual in my support group.
As a family member of a patient, I can send money to my loved one via Paypal.
As a patient or designated admin, I can group my support network (co-worker, family, friends, etc.) to have specific privacy settings.
As a support group member, I can receive resources about how to best care for a patient with specific health conditions.
As a patient admin, I can post on behalf of a patient if they are unable to do so.
As a user, I can update the information on my profile page.
As a support group member, I am able to post on my patients' social walls in real-time.
As a patient, I can sign up and I am provided with my own social wall.
As a patient, I can share my profile / invitation via email, if possible also via mobile/SMS.
As a user , I can manage my page members.
As a patient, I am able to add calendar events.
As a admin, I am able to view the list of users of the website.
As an admin, I can view the statistics about users, such as platform usage and the users.
The application should be secure- use SSL to encrypt channel.
As an admin, I can post personal announcements to specific groups and everyone.
As a user, I can delete or suspend my account.
As a user, I can report the junk or ad messages.
As a user, I can block the message from specific person.2014-USC-Project09.txt
As a user I can search for businesses by name, TipSure #, location, and general category (one at a time).
As a user I can review travel tipping guides so that when I travel I have them.
As a user I can submit a tipping question that has not been addressed.
As a user I can use a Tip calculator to calculate the tip and possibly split the tip among various people.
As a user, I can add a business so that we get correct tips and reduced friction with our customers.
As a business I can claim my business.
As an administrator I can verify and/or approve comments from all users  to increase accuracy of information.
As an administrator, I can assign TipSure numbers in the responsive website so that users can lookup specific businesses.
As a user I can download the travel guide so that I can have access at all times.
The system shall integrate with the existing TipSure MySQL database.
The maximum budget is $500.
The system shall use the Google maps API.
The system shall be deployed on TipSure's current hosting provider.
The system shall load within 5-10 seconds as tested on ----.
The information should be easy to read on a mobile device without zooming and panning.
As a user, I can share and "like" the application and information to others using social media icons(Facebook, Linked-in and Twitter), so that they can benefit.
As a user, I can see the search results (searched for or nearby) as a list of businesses, sorted according to distance from the user, that can be scrolled and shows 10 businesses.
2014-USC-Project08.txt
As a Case Manager, I can run frequency (demographic and activity reporting) on case file, so that I can save time in generating report - excel or csv format.
demographic info-age;gender;ethnicity;city;zip code;school;status/category;program;
activities:admin work; follow ups; individual conceling; workshop; field-trips; community resources; CSS(agency); time stamps.
As a Case Manager,  I can upload documents for each case, so that youth can have an access to them.
As a Case Manager, I can create management services ,those activities will have category(each activity attached to a kid), so that I can monitor youth service(activities).
As a Case Manager, I manage accounts(reset need security questions;create accounts; delete accounts;manage kids under their own domain ), so that youth can access.
As a Case Manager, I can massive email through the system and automatic record activities, so that I save time loging activities.
As a Case Manager,  I can electronically manage case files(demographic,  activity, and documents), so that I can save time and monitor cases.
The system shall be more secure (what is secure need to be analyzed);session timer; youth user can only access their own documents; security questions; case manager access control;.
The system shall be deployed on mylaspace; redirect from .org .net to .com.
The system shall be developed using php.
The system shall import existing data from Salesforce(several hundred  kids information in csv format) exported data.
2018-USC-Project07.txt
As a user, the User Interface should be consistent with multiple Android mobile screens.
As a user, I can track my progress on the app.
As a user, I am able to sign in using Google account.
As a user, I can switch between the languages available.
As a user, I am able to keep my levels progress(unlocked and locked levels) across different Android mobile devices I signed in to.
As a user, I am able to share my score on social media.
As a user, I am able to erase all my progress and start a new.
As a user, I am able to change the color theme to my preference.
As the client, I should have screen space to accodomate advertisements.
As a user, I can check others' scores on Google leaderboard.
As a developer, I should be able to understand the existing code and be able to refactor the code.
As a maintainer, I should have clear documentation to maintain the product well.
As the maintainer, I should be able to publish several apps from one project, targeted at different audiences, i.e. with ads (limited free) and without ads (paid full); Full version satisfying some of the Education App requirements.
As a user, I should not be able to cheat on the online high score list.
As a user, I should not be able to download and install the paid app without paying.
As a client, I should be able to publish an iOS version of the app.
As a developer, I should be able to design the description/about_level page in such a way that would easily draw others' attention to the app due to its gamification and presentability.
As a user, I should be able to purchase the full version of the application to remove advertisements.
As a user, I can practice math by fragmented time (Pausing).
As an administer, I should be able to see the analytics, for eg in which region the app is being used.
As a user, I should have the ability to opt out of displaying my scores on the leaderboard.
As a user, I should be able to track my progress to the next level.2019-USC-Project01.txt
As a user, I can log in via Linkedin.
As a system admin, I can approve users' sign-in requests.
As a user, I can look up papers authored by CSSE professors and students.
As a user, I can look up alumni according to their companies.
As a user, I can update my social media in order to keep my resume updated.
As a system, I can fetch the resume from Linkedin for each user and persist it into data storage.
As a system, the portal will be supported and rendered correctly on mobile devices too.
As a user, I will be able to see events from #csse twitter page on the portal.
As a system, I can fetch research documents from the server and see them in a timestamp sorted way.
As an admin, I will be able to login to the system.
As an admin, I will be able to approve/reject a user profile.
As a system, I will get updated information from #csse social media accounts (fb , twitter).
The system shall fetch LinkedIn data of approved users automatically and periodically.
The system shall render correctly on any platform (desktop, tablets, mobile phones).
As a user, I can authenticate myself via LinkedIn in order to logininto the system.
The system shall fetch latest CSSE events from Facebook.
The system shall export events for the user to add in their calendar.
As a user, I should be able to find the current professional position of CSSE professors, researchers and alumni.
As an admin, I can authorize a user's profile, when they first Login.
As a system, I can render across different platforms.
As a user, I keep updated with events on social media having #csse.
As a system, I can get user information from LinkedIn.
As a user, I can sort the research papers to see the ones of my interest.
As a user, I can see profiles of csse professors and alumni.
As an admin, I can remove content that is innapropriate for this portal.
As a user, I can disable my account, so none of my information is visible to other users.
As a user, my profile picture will automatically upload from my latest LinkedIn profile picture.
As a user, I can filter the calendar by different categories of events.
As a user, I can search for users and click directly into their LinkedIn profile.
As a system, I can highlight events/documents/users that are trending or have high view counts.
As a user, I can log in to the portal using LinkedIn.
The system shall render on mobile responsively.
The system shall fetch relevant events information from social media (Twitter/FB).
As a user, I can search for available research papers.
As a system, I can fetch tweets/communication from the official CSSE social-media account (Twitter).
As a system, I can fetch user information (resume, job history) from LinkedIn.