As a driver, I can check into/select a location through my mobile phone so that the I can pay for my valet.
As a valet company, I can accept mobile payments so that I can offer an easier payment option (meaning through credit card).
As a driver, I can message my valet to retrieve my vehicle, so I don't have to wait in line.
As a driver, I can create my profile(first name, last name, email, optional credit card) so that I can use it for all SnapValet-related activities.
As an establishment, I can send direct advertisements to SnapValet users so that I can attract more customers.
The application shall be secure.
- channel is encrypted. 
 (SSL)
- credit card number/password is not stored in plain text on app.
As a customer, I can enter my ticket number from the valet ticket so that I can request my car now/later.
The budget for the project shall not exceed $10,000.
The system shall be capable of eventually running an iOS client.
As a valet operator I can receive real-time requests from customers in an organized queue so that I can retrieve their car in a timely manner.
As a valet head, I can set the valet price for each shift so that I can adjust pricing as needed.
As a valet operator I can see if a customer has paid or not in the queue so that I know whether to collect cash.
As a valet operator I can have my own login to my valet company's profile so that I can add employees, tracking which employees are working at which location, and have multiple locations serviced by my company, and track transactions for each location.
As a valet operator, I can send notifications to the customer that their car is ready so that the customer does not have to wait outside while I retrieve the car.
As a valet company I can receive an email transaction summary report for each shift so that I can control my revenue.
As a driver I can either request or request and pay for valet so that I have the option to not enter in my credit card information if I don't want to.
The system should be designed to work on multiple servers in the future and should be capable of handling around 100 requests at the same time.
The system must be available almost all the time, especially during heavy usage hours.
Code will be modular so that defects can be isolated and additions can be made easily so that in future it can be maintained by a snapvalet employee.
As a user, I can register for an account, either as a customer or a valet, and include the relevant information.
System back-end will have scalable, secure database.
