As a manager, I can log in to the app so that I can take notes electronically.
As a manager, I can send out the meeting minutes to all the attendees so that everyone knows what to do based on their checklist.
As a manager, I can search through archived meeting minutes so that I can find some topics of my interest.
As a contractor, I can log in to the app so that I can see the meeting minutes.
As a contractor, I can send message to the manager so that I can ask question and/or correct issues on the last minutes.
As a Contractor, I can see the different tasks for the project, so that I can manage my resources properly.
As a Contractor, I can report the changes in the task completion status to the company, so that the work status is well reported and my work is known.
As a manager, I can see a summary of different meeting minutes of the project, so that it gives a timeline of the project.
As a Manager I can access the meeting logs quickly and track the progress of a project quickly so that I can make decisions after having all reports thoroughly and send out instructions to appropriate personnel.
As a Contractor I can enter reports and data correctly with simple, easy to use interfaces at any time so that people concerned get accurate information which can be accessed anytime.
As an Architect I can communicate with my colleagues anytime through messaging asking them for specifications and report design feasibilities etc because of which appropriate set of changes to specifications can be made and communicated.
As a Manager I can talk to my client through notifications telling them about the topic at hand to ensure that the customer is upto date with the events that have taken place.
As a contractor, I can see the different tasks for the project so that I can manage my resources properly.
As a project manager, I can now track different tasks progress, so that I can plan for the project completion properly.
As a manager, I can approve or disapprove the request of signup from contractors.
As a manager or contractor, I can edit the contractor's information and save it.
As a manager, I can edit different meeting information found within a particular project.
As a manager, I can approve or reject a contractor's comment on a specific task, where a comment is a request for task completion.
As a manager, I can create a new project.
As a manager, I can modify an existing project.
As a Manager, I can get automated generated PDF report of details of specific project, meeting or task.
As a manager, I can edit task categories and add them to the list of categories.
As a Manager or Contractor, I can save unsaved progress or status of any project, meeting or task.
