As an Adult Learner with military experience, I can practice my conflict resolution skills so that I am a more effective communicator.
As an Adult Learner with military experience, I can view my in-game score so that I know how much I am progressing.
As an Adult Learner with military experience, I can resolve conflicts in a team setting so that I have practice working collaboratively in teams.
As an Experiential Learning Center (ELC) Staff, I can take proper training so that I can help students use the system to improve their conflict management skills.
As a college student, I can use the system built efficiently so that I can improve my conflict management skills.
As an Adult Learner, I can take the assessment so that I can judge how much I need to improve my conflict management skills.
As a college student, I want to use a program designed for conflict resolution that is interactive so I can improve my competence and confidence in resolving conflict.
As a MBV student, I want to participate in a program that integrates military experience in a business setting so that I can collaborate with teammates to improve conflict resolution skills.
As a corporate executive, I want to participate in a conflict resolution exercise that is marketed to business needs so that I can encourage employees to practice product conflict resolution skills.
As an MBV student, I can use the system to quickly resolve conflicts in my team.
As an MBV student, I can use the scores from the system to keep track of my progress.
As an employer, I can adopt the system in my company so that the teams can resolve conflicts more quickly.
As a veteran, I want to see graphs on what decisions others made in the same situation so that I can see that I'm not alone in my thought processes.
As a veteran, I can compare my decisions to the decisions civilians made so that I can compare my thought processes to theirs.
As a veteran, I can use the system to gain experience working with civilians.
As a civilian, I can use the system to better understand a military thought process so I can interact better with veterans in the future.
This relates well to the demographic informtion.
This relates to real time feedback.
