As a user , I should be able to receive Temperature based notification via text when it exceeds a threshold.
As a user, I should be able to toggle the display of information between English and Spanish languages.
As a user, I should be able to watch educational videos in the application at any time.
As a user, I should be able to create a checklist.
As a user, I should be able to do quizzes.
As an Admin I should be able to upload videos.
As an Admin I should be able to create quizzes and educational content.
As an admin, I should be able to add, and delete the educational contents.
As an admin, I should be able to define roles for App Access (App Security).
As a user, I should be able to opt-in for receiving text messages to receive content similar to what's on the app.
As a user, I should be able to report that I am feeling ill or dizzy in order to identify signs of heat-illness.
As a user, I should be able to sync-up my schedule with the app to get relevant information at the right time.
As a user, I should receive some information about what should I have to wear for tomorrow.
As a user, I should be able to share my location with emergency services.
As a user, I should receive the information about the tommarow's weather.
As a user I should be able to view current temperature data.
As a user, I should be able to create emergency contact list, and also be able to contact 911 and CalOsha.
As an admin, I should see all of the information of farm.
As a user, I should know how to work with application.
As an admin I should be able to access all temperature and health data collected from the farmers.
As a farm manager/contractor I should be able to search for farmers available to work.
As a user, I should be able to access the educational material without internet connection.
As a user, I should be able to disable my account.
As as admin, I should see all of the framework's information.
As a user I should be able to change the notification tone and vibration levels.
As a user I should be able to create and modify my profile - weight / height / other metrics.
As a user, I should be able to use most features with minimal mobile data usage.
