As a user, I will see the daily challenge on pop up screen.
As a user, I can send challenge request to my friends.
As a user, I will see the time remaining of the challenge.
As a user, I can get challenge notification from app.
As a user, I can try to give suggestion to challenge topic.
As a user, i can get notification from completed challenge that i sent.
As a user, I can verify that my posted challenges is completed or not. 
 If challenge is verified completed, I can get a reward.
As a user, I can get reward after I finished a challenge.
As a user, I can check how many challenges left that I have.
As a user, I can invite my friends to participate the challenge via contact list.
As a user, I can use my challenge score to buy sth.
As a student, I can see the upcoming challenges in the following days so that I can prepare them.
As a student, I can select a competitor from my challenger list and compete with him/her.
As a competitor, I can view my opponent challenge-related posts from challenge page so that I can verify whether he/she cheated.
As a competitor, I can verify my opponent post so that the system would give the corresponding score to him/her.
As a user, I can receive a notification from Populic when I was picked as a competitor so that I am able to do the challenge task immediately.
As a competitor, I can verify (decline/accept) my opponent post so that the system would give the corresponding score to him/her.
As a competitor, I can post my own challenge post (either a photo/video).
As a user, I can use different iPhone models to play challenge game.
As a user, I can easily and directly play the challenge game without too many procedures.
As a user, I could see my rank in the system rank system for all registered users.
As a user, I could go back to the previous page b/c we have chance to click some button by mistake.
As a user, I can add text on my photos.
As a user, I can pick a competitor from all challengers who have challenged me today.
As a user, I can preview my photo before I post it.
As a user, I can see the finish time of my challenge task on the game on page.
As a user, I can check daily challenge and upcoming challenge.
As a user, I can get the detail of daily challenge content.
As a user, I can submit some idea which can help application improve.
As a user, I can know, how many friend I invite and how many friend challenge me.
