As a user, I can log in the website to access my profile.
As a patient, I can pull family members and friends into group to notify everyone in the group.
As a patient, I can search for nearby patients with same conditions to get some useful information.
As a patient, I can message family members or friends to ask for some helps.
As a patient, I can share my calendar and allow them to sign up for my posted events or tasks.
As a support group member, I can get a notification when a patient has an upcoming appointment.
As a patient, I can securely share my calendar with my support group.
As a patient, I can securely send private messages to my support group.
As a support group member, a patient can send me a link to sign up and add them to my network.
As a patient, I can contact other patients that have the same health condition.
As a patient, I can decide which kind of event in my calendar the support group can access.
As an administrator, I can suspense or delete a user's account.
As a family member of a patient, I can check if the patient attended an event.
As a member of a support group, I can decide whether my network is exclusive for certain types of illness.
As a member of a support group, I can publish what time I am available, so that patient will contact me only when I am able to help.
As a patient, I can send instant secured direct messaging to any individual in my support group.
As a family member of a patient, I can send money to my loved one via Paypal.
As a patient or designated admin, I can group my support network (co-worker, family, friends, etc.) to have specific privacy settings.
As a support group member, I can receive resources about how to best care for a patient with specific health conditions.
As a patient admin, I can post on behalf of a patient if they are unable to do so.
As a user, I can update the information on my profile page.
As a support group member, I am able to post on my patients' social walls in real-time.
As a patient, I can sign up and I am provided with my own social wall.
As a patient, I can share my profile / invitation via email, if possible also via mobile/SMS.
As a user , I can manage my page members.
As a patient, I am able to add calendar events.
As a admin, I am able to view the list of users of the website.
As an admin, I can view the statistics about users, such as platform usage and the users.
The application should be secure- use SSL to encrypt channel.
As an admin, I can post personal announcements to specific groups and everyone.
As a user, I can delete or suspend my account.
As a user, I can report the junk or ad messages.
As a user, I can block the message from specific person.
