The system should have a database of care instructions associated with surgeries and medical institutions.
As a user/patient, I should have to answer a minimum amount of PRO questions.
As a doctor, I should be notified if my patients health declines after surgery.
As a patient user, I can receive real time notifications for my reminders and appointments.
As a patient user, I can indicate that I have completed certain tasks (like a checklist).
As a doctor user, I can check if a patient has completed certain tasks.
As a doctor user, I can view the the survey/questionnaire responses of my patients.
As a user, I can login to the application using username and password or with my fingerprint scanner.
As a care team, I can input the relevant medical information or recommendations related to surgical procedures for each medical center into the system database.
As a patient, I can update personal contact information saved on the server.
As a patient who does not have smart phone, I can still get notifications through messages.
As a patient, I can get rewards by filling out the required survey or following certain required medical instructions.
As a doctor, I can modify prescriptions based on patients' recovery process.
As a patient, I have access to roughly personalized education contents like videos or articles that will help with recovery or preparation for surgeries.
As a patient, I can locally save the useful health recommendation articles provided by doctors.
As a patient, I can see the history of photos/videos I took for the app.
The system shall render properly on android phones.
The system should be built as native Android application.
The system should comply with HIPAA.
As a care team, I can add/remove patients from my list.
As a admin, I can access the database of the App server, and manually add/remove entries from backend.
As a patient, I should be able to see the website/ contact information of my health center/ provider, doctor, nurse etc.
As a patient, I should be able to take pictures.
As a patient, I should have access to review post-op notes from my doctor/ surgeon on any previous surgeries/ treatments.
As a patient, I should be provided with guidance on how to best capture pictures (i.e. selfies, body parts etc).
As a patient, I should be able to be guided by an avatar for basic tutorial.
As a patient, I can do my questionnaire/surveys from within the app.
As a doctor, I should get a notification when a patient books/cancels/reschedules an appointment.
As a patient, I should get a confirmation after I book/cancel/reschedule an appointment.
As a patient, I should be able to rate whether an educational article/video is relevant to me or not.
As the healthcare executive (the paying customer), I can see the collected data and trends of all patient outcomes, so I can study how to improve our performance.
The system should be intuitive to use for patients.
As a patient, I can manually add pre or post-op reminders in addition to the standard ones set by my doctor.
As the doctor's staff, I can register/enroll the patient under 5 steps.
As a patient, I can snooze a reminder but still be reminded until I dismiss it.
As a patient, I can receive recommendations of common answers and resources related to my surgery based on my timeline.
As a doctor, I can use this app to do certain follow-up appointments via telemedicine, so those patients who can't get rides easily won't have to miss these crucial appointments.
As a patient, I should be able to track my health status graphically, so that it is easily understandable.
As a patient, I can see all my dietary constraints and medications I need to take before and after surgery.
As a patient, I can compare pictures to see a visible difference over time.
As a patient, I can either choose to install the smartphone app, or by default get SMS notifications and not get bombarded everywhere.
The system should be built as a hybrid app (testing on Android only for this class - define which versions).
The system should use FHIR for data exchange.
