as a user, i can start a thread by posting a question so that other users might answer that question with credible information.
as a user, i can answer a question posted by other users.
as a user, i can like/dislike an answer so that other users can gauge the credibility of the answer.
as a user, i can view my lifetime, semester, and usable point balance so that i can track my progress.
as a user, i can get a news feed so that i stay engaged and up to date with changes on the wat network.
as a user, i can redeem usable wat points so that i can receive a gift card.
as a user, i can search the forum so that i can see topics more relevant to my needs.
as a user, i can select predetermined ordering criteria so that i can see topics more relevant to my needs.
as an administrator, i can pin a thread so that supremely important information gets highlighted for other users.
as a user, i can update my profile so that my experience is more personalized.
the system shall notify users about special events/campaigns so that user participation will increase.
as a user, i can mark any comment as the "best answer" to a question so that other users can easily see the most credible answer in the thread.
as a user, i can track and compare my points with my peers' points so that i can gauge how i measure up to others.
the system shall be user-friendly and intuitive.
the system shall not exceed the max budget of $0.
the system shall render correctly on mobile platforms.
as a user, i can view other users' profiles so that i can see their information and points.
as a maintainer, i can create a special event so that i can entice more users to join and participate.
as a maintainer, i can manage the comments and threads in the system so that the overall quality of information isn't degraded by trash.
as a user, my thread specific point balance cannot drop below zero so i won't be over-penalized for an inappropriate answer.
as a user i can use my wat points to redeem items from a virtual store.
as a maintainer, i can add a gift card to the system so that users can redeem gift cards using their points.
as a maintainer, i can add a product to the gift store so that users can redeem gifts using their points.
as a user, i can view the leaderboard by sorting it either based on schools or graduation date.
as a user, i can report inappropriate threads so that the forum will be  free of inappropriate threads.
as a user, i can view the thread sorting them based on graduation year, school.
as a user, i can view my wat points on each page of the user interface.
as a user, i can edit the thread/post i started.
as a maintainer, i can edit details of the event created event on wat system.
as a user, i can delete my threads and posts.
