as a vendor, i can list my items for sale on the website to reach a bigger market and increase sales.
as a consumer, i can search for health related information on the website's blogs and forums, to gain knowledge on how to become healthier.
as the website owner/moderator, i can post blogs highlighting health-related issues on the website to provide resources to users and also encourage sales for my customers.
as a consumer, i can participate in forum discussions regarding health concerns and health products, to gain knowledge for myself and help others with similar health concerns.
as the website owner/moderator, i can temporarily suspend the account of a vendor if transactions or fulfillments are not completed.
as the website owner/moderator, i can approve vendor accounts after application and submission of subscription fee.
as the website owner/moderator, i can sort vendors by selling volume/transaction total to determine best vendors.
as the website owner/moderator, i can communicate with vendors through the website to help promote their products.
as the website owner/moderator, i can post site-wide communications for policy updates for vendors and consumers to see.
as a consumer, i can manage my account so that i can get access to the service that the website offers.
as a consumer, i can manage my password so that i can keep my account safe.
as a consumer, i can manage my cart so that i can do the purchase.
as a consumer, i can refer to comments from other consumers so that i see more clearly on the item.
as a consumer, i can add items to my cart for later purchase.
as a vendor, i can manage my item prices to improve income.
as a vendor, i can communicate with the consumer to ensure service quality.
as a consumer, i can search a product based on certain search conditions so i can narrow down my search results and easily find the product that suits me.
as a consumer, i can reset email address through my security questions or verifying id so that if the email address is changed or forgot, consumer can still get his/hers password reset.
as a consumer, i can leave comments about products so that others can see more clearly on the item.
as a consumer,  i can sort products by popularity or price so i can easily find the product i am looking for.
as a vendor, i can provide special discount to the consumers so that i can offer promotions in order to attract more consumers.
as a vendor, i can look up and compare the price of similar products in the website so that i can make my pricing to be more competitive.
as a vendor, i can gather feedback from the consumers , so that i can improve my services or products in the future.
as a vendor, i can upload products introductive video on my profile, so that consumer can have a better understanding of what the products actually are.
as a vendor, i can view the time and date of each transaction, so that i can ship my products based on the priority of orders.
as a vendor, i can publish blog posts about the new products so that i can inform other (consumers) and potentially convince them to buy it.
as a vendor, i can add products on the product catalog so that it can be discovered by consumers and they can be sold.
as a consumer, i should be able to subscribe to certain types of products, so that when some new event happens (arrival of a new product etc) i can get notified leading to a more interesting marketplace.
as a consumer, i should be able to get recommendation for the health related products based on a set of questions.
as a website end user i should find the website to be straight forward and easy to use.
as a consumer, i can rate and review vendors.
