as a language learner, i can use the system to find a native speaker language learner, where i can practice my language that i want to learn.
as an english language learner, i can talk with a native speaker language learner so that i can learn the most authentic english. the system shall establish connection with native speakers so that i can achieve my goal.
as a native speaker language learner, i can talk with language learners from other countries so that i can learn another language and know the outside world.
as a language teacher, i can give english talking assignments to my students on this website so that they will improve their spoken english.
as a language learner, i can do my language assignments with people's help on this website so that i can finish my assignment easier and learn more.
as a website owner, i can promote my website widely to meet the need of language learners so that i can make money.
as a user i can add other users to my friends list so that i can interact with them quickly.
as a website owner, i can view non-identifying user statistics so that i can assess the needs of my user base.
as a language learner i can order my search results using different criteria so that i can prioritize my matches.
as a user i can reset my password through email so that i will not be locked out if i forget my password.
as a user i can retrieve my (text) chat logs so that i can review something i or another user has said (or agreed to).
as a practitioner, i can help the students to increase their language proficiency.
as a language learner, i can get in touch with others who are also willing to learn the same language.
as a language learner, i can get to know the foreign culture while learning foreign language.
as the website owner, i can still maintain this server after the development phase in the long run.
as a student, i can register an account on the website and modify my privacy policy so that i can avoid malicious usage of my personal info.
as a language learner, i can chat with my teacher so that we know each other better and exchange other information.
as the website owner i can regularly add language-learning and -practicing ideas, research, and suggestions.
as a website owner i can suggest interaction tasks, discussion subject matters when meeting " stranger on-line.".
as a website owner i can post alerts: e.g. "usc chinese learners meet english learners at tcc on thursdays at 7pm, please sign up...".
as a website owner i can post on the website blog about the lingggo experience worldwide.
as a website owner/professor i can offer "live" meetings to lingggo members for the purpose of language related discussion, pronunciation evaluation, and advise.
as the website owner i can generate a marketing plan (create ideas to increase viewership/membership) to increase user/member numbers.
as a website user, i can report other users' rule-breaking behavior so that i can get better online experience.
as a website user, i can pull some people into blacklist so that i can avoid someone's advertisements or harassments.
as a website user, i can receive a notification email if there are some changes of my account occur so that i can find the actions not operated by myself.
as a language learner, i can search other language learners having the same degree or major so that i can find more topic to talk about.
as a website owner, i can send some emails about some news or activities to the user who subscribe the service so that i can inform the user immediately if need.
as website member i can rate interactions and other members based on experience.
as a website owner i can monitor the website activities and intercept unacceptable internet "behavior.".
as a language learner i can find language learners in another country before traveling to that country for advice, to meet, and to create friendships.
as a university student i can post a question/announcement to all members via the website owner/mediator; i.e. it has to be filtered.
as a website user i will be able to offer my native language skills even if i don't want to practice another language.
as a tutor, i can evaluate students' language level that help student adjust their learning plan through office hour online chatting by skype or phone.
as a language learner, i can use this system to find a native speaker to help me solve some difficult language homework problems.
as a language learner, i can use this system to find a native speaker and make friend with him/her, where i can get to know more about their culture.
as a native speaker, i can use this system to make friend with foreign language learners, where i can know more about this world.
