as a user, i can use a hashtag for a picture taken in a special event such as a basketball game, so the people miss the event will see what they missed.
as a user, i can take many pictures to introduce my geo-location, so the tourists using the app will search the location and see what's there.
as a user, i can create my login with specific username and password or facebook account, so i can use them to login to the application.
as a user, i can login to the application using my registered username or my facebook account, so i can use the application with my own profile.
as a user, i can reserve my event's hashtag for a limited time (one week), so i and event attendees can use the hashtag to post pictures of the event.
as a user, i can delete pictures that i posted, so they are no longer accessible.
as a user, i can report any inappropriate picture, so that it will be removed from the event.
as a user, i can moderate the pictures in an event that i created, so that pictures that i don't like will be removed from the event.
as a user, i can shut down my own event, so that i can remove my event and all pictures in the event before reserved time is up.
as a user, i can take a photo from the picshare app or choose a picture from my gallery, so that i can take a picture from another app.
as a user, i can set up a private event that only invited people can see and access via password, so that i can ensure only the people i want to participate may participate.
as a user, i can save one or many pictures from an event/hashtag to my phone so that i can keep the photos after the event/hashtag expires.
as a user, i can save the hashtags to save time searching for them later and see my history of hashtags.
as a user, i can choose if users can upload pictures, or only post pictures captured live, which would give me more control over content in my private event.
as a user, i can sort pictures in events by date or popularity, and i can sort pictures in location by distance, date or popularity,  so that i can have more control over picture viewing.
as a user, i can like a picture.
as a user, i can post only captured live pictures to nearby location, so that all the pictures will be from that area.
as a user, i can choose the radius for browsing pictures in nearby locations, so that i can view the ones closest to me.
as a user, i can write a caption for the pictures before posting them, so that my pictures will be more descriptive.
as a user, i can create a public/private event without posting a picture in it, so that i can reserve the hashtag before the event starts.
as an admin, i can login into my administrative page with my password and username, so that i can perform admin features.
as an admin, i can browse users of the app and view pictures that they posted, so that i can manage users and their contents.
as an admin, i can suspend a user, so that i can have more control over users.
as an admin, i can list pictures by all, location, event or report count, so that i will have more control over pictures.
as an admin, i can delete pictures from the system, so that i will have more control over pictures.
as an admin, i can create an event hashtag, so that i can reserve it.
as an admin, i can update an event, so that i can change the event's name or expiration date.
as an admin, i can delete events with all their pictures, so that i can have more control over events.
as an admin, i can change the system settings such as report count threshold and picture lifetime, so that i can have more control over the system configurations.
as an admin, i can generate reports regarding events, users and pictures, so that i can have more information about the system.
as an admin, i can restore pictures that has been marked inappropriate, so that i have better control over the pictures.
