as a user, i will see the daily challenge on pop up screen.
as a user, i can send challenge request to my friends.
as a user, i will see the time remaining of the challenge.
as a user, i can get challenge notification from app.
as a user, i can try to give suggestion to challenge topic.
as a user, i can get notification from completed challenge that i sent.
as a user, i can verify that my posted challenges is completed or not. if challenge is verified completed, i can get a reward.
as a user, i can get reward after i finished a challenge.
as a user, i can check how many challenges left that i have.
as a user, i can invite my friends to participate the challenge via contact list.
as a user, i can use my challenge score to buy something.
as a student, i can see the upcoming challenges in the following days so that i can prepare them.
as a student, i can select a competitor from my challenger list and compete with him/her.
as a competitor, i can view my opponent challenge-related posts from challenge page so that i can verify whether he/she cheated.
as a competitor, i can verify my opponent post so that the system would give the corresponding score to him/her.
as a user, i can receive a notification from populic when i was picked as a competitor so that i am able to do the challenge task immediately.
as a competitor, i can verify (decline/accept) my opponent post so that the system would give the corresponding score to him/her.
as a competitor, i can post my own challenge post (either a photo/video).
as a user, i can use different iphone models to play challenge game.
as a user, i can easily and directly play the challenge game without too many procedures.
as a user, i could see my rank in the system rank system for all registered users.
as a user, i could go back to the previous page b/c we have chance to click some button by mistake.
as a user, i can add text on my photos.
as a user, i can pick a competitor from all challengers who have challenged me today.
as a user, i can preview my photo before i post it.
as a user, i can see the finish time of my challenge task on the game on page.
as a user, i can check daily challenge and upcoming challenge.
as a user, i can get the detail of daily challenge content.
as a user, i can submit some idea which can help application improve.
as a user, i can know, how many friend i invite and how many friend challenge me.
