as a user, i can browse from a list of existing base recipes.
as a user, i will be given an estimated pick up/wait time prior to submitting my order.
as a user, i can see the nutrition detail of my customized coffee.
as a user, i can delete a saved recipe which i no longer want to hold from my recipes list.
as a user, i can add and save a default payment method for my orders.
as a user, i can customize an existing base recipe and save it as my own recipe.
as a user, i can produce my coffee recipe as a picture and save the picture in the phone.
as a user, i can customize the color and theme of my coffee app.
as a user, i can earn rewards for using my coffee app.
as a user, i would like to be able to set an avatar for myself within the app.
as a user, i would like to be able to create a testimonial with a picture and send it to a kiosk where it will briefly display.
as a user, i would like to be able to see fun facts or quotes (similar to snapple) within the app.
as a user, i should be able to share the recipe via social media ( e.g. facebook, twitter ).
as a user, i should be able track rewards and cash in for appropriate rewards.
as an admin, i should have a unique portal to track inventory, view kiosk usage and track demographic information.
as a supplier, i should be able to receive updates from the admin via a page on the portal.
as a user, i can easily replace my last order.
as a user, i can send someone else a cup of coffee i've purchased for them.
as a user, i can view my order history.
as a user, i can change which kiosk i send my order to.
as a user, i can use apple pay or paypal to purchase coffee.
as a user, i can customise my coffee.
as a user, i can view the recipe from my saved coffee selections and choose to vend it.
as a user, i will be able to check if my recipe contains specific allergens.
as a maintainer, i will be able to track any faulty kiosks.
as a maintainer, i will be able to update the location of any new kiosks.
as a user, i can log in/out the app with my username and password or existed social media account.
as a user, i can update any one of customized recipes which is stored in my recipe list.
as a user, i can identify how many available kiosks are near around me and where exactly they are.
