as a user, i can mark a category as minimum marketable feature when creating it.
as a user, i can save the prioritization results from the topsis analysis.
as a user, i can adjust the importance of each goal using the slider.
as a user, i can enter weight coefficients according to the criteria (business value/relative penalty/ease of realization) for a win condition while using topsis.
as a user, i can adjust the coefficient on each win-win category while evaluating its effect on the project.
as a user, i can log out.
as a user, i can reset my password if i forget it.
as a user, i should be able to upload a picture from my desktop as my profile picture.
as a user, i can see a demo of winbook functionality.
as a user, i can create a new win condition.
as a user, i can only delete a win condition that i created.
as a user, i can join a project.
as a user, i can create a new win condition category.
as a user, i can filter the view of win conditions by category.
as a user, i can set the business value, relative penalty, and ease of realization of a goal without a need to remember the order of them.
as a user, i can edit my profile information such as name, surname, profile picture, organization or password.
as a user, i can see people that agree with my win condition.
as a user, i can quote/reply on other people's comments.
as a user, i want to export the win conditions to excel.
as a user, i want to sort win conditions by criteria.
as a user, i can tag someone to my comment using @username.
as a user, i can agree or disagree with a win condition (maybe with upvote/downvote).
as an owner, i can make a project private or public.
as an owner or admin, i can edit the list of approved members (add or delete) from the project settings page.
as an owner, i can use the project settings page to give admin rights to a project member.
as a user, i can view the project list page from the homepage.
as a user, i can delete only my own posts and comments.
as an admin, i can edit and delete everyone's posts and comments.
as an owner, i can add a new project.
as an owner, i can access the settings page for the projects.
as an owner, i can delete/hide a project from the project settings page.
as a user, i can sort according to the upvotes.
as a user, i can add comments and reply to comments.