as a system, i should be able to display list of mentors to mentees (based on filters).
as a system, i should be able to display list of mentees to mentors (based on filters).
as a system, i can store the details of mentor and mentees in the database.
as an admin, i should be able to view activity reports sent by the mentors timely.
as a mentee, i can select the mentor based on my criteria.
as a mentor, i can select my mentee based on my criteria.
as a system, i must be able to associate relation between mentor and mentee (based on their requests).
as a user, i should be able to update password (based on entering the correct previous password).
as a mentor, i can provide activity report about my mentee on monthly basis to admin.
as a mentor, i should be able to create, update and track activity records of mentee.
as a mentor, i should be able to submit reports to the admin every month.
as a mentor, i can reset my password.
as a mentee, i can reset my password.
as a mentee, i should be able to see the list of available mentors and send a request for connection.
as a mentor, i should be able to monitor my training phase activities.
as a mentor, i should be able to accept mentee requests to establish a connection.
as a mentor, i should be able to mark my availability.
as an admin, i should be able to export the report of list of all mentors.
as a mentee, i should be able to update my personal information/contact details.
as a mentor, i should be able to update my personal information which includes phone no, availability, photo, etc.
as an admin, i should be able to send reminders to the mentors who missed sending their monthly report.
as an admin, i should be able to view the statistics of successful matches.
as a user, i should be able to load the website quickly and able to easily access the site.
as an admin, i should be able to delete/deactivate users.
as a mentor, i must be able to register my details and be shown as available for mentorship process.
as a mentee, i must be able to upload my details and be able to search and connect with mentors suitable for my profile.
as an admin, i must be able to track all available mentors and mentees, and get monthly reports on the progress of mentorship program.
as a developer, i must be able to integrate the web application into client's server while, learning technology.
as an end-user, i must be able to navigate through the application seamlessly.
as an admin, i must be able to assign mentors to mentees.
mentees should be able to select mentor from available mentors but mentors can ask for mentee based on race.
as an administrator, i should be able to get statistics on number of mentors, mentees and on pre-program survey answers and on post-program survey answers.
the web app should be same when viewed on desktop, tablet or mobile device.
as a mentor, i can report my interactions with my mentee.
as an admin, i can export a report with the mentor/mentee interactions.
as an admin, i can update the status of mentor & mentees trainings.
as an admin, i can match mentors to mentees.
as a mentee/mentor, i can opt out from the program and from further communication.
the system shall render correctly on mobile platforms.