as a client i can register online so that i can save time entering the data manually.
as a client i can check-in online, (must be validated by neon crm - phone nos and event registered for) for multiple services so that i save time. 
online pertains to the intranet at waw center.
as a client i can provide an online feedback as per my convenience and in private.
as a board member at waw i can access the private portal so that i can share, view board documents.
board members will upload documents to google drive.
as a member of waw i can integrate social media on the website so that we can keep our users up-to date about latest events.
whenever a major update is published on the website, there should be a button to confirm the it personnel if he/she wants to post it onto social media.
as a member of waw i can publish blogs on the website so that we can keep our users up-to date about latest events and increase interactivity.
it should be very easy to add the blogs by the staff.
the waw website shall use the existing godaddy account.
the waw website shall use wordpress.
the waw will use neon crm as its data store.
the system shall be convenient to use by waw staff.
the system shall be down at most 2 hours a month.
as a waw it personnel i can generate reports so that i can capture the first time clients entering the center.
as a waw it personnel i can generate reports so that i can the number of times a client uses the center.
as a waw it personnel i can generate reports so that i can analyse the services used by the clients at the center.
as a waw it personnel i can generate reports so that i can track how many clients booked and completed an appointment for counselling session.
for completing a counselling session client needs to checkin to their onsite center.
assuming data for booking is already present.
as a waw it personnel i can generate reports so that i can track how many clients showed up for the counselling session.
as a waw it personnel i can generate reports so that i can track and analyse the type of counselling our clients enroll for i.e job search, career guidance,etc.
as a waw it personnel i can generate reports so that i can analyse how many clients got job and how long they have been at their job.
just read a phone number (unique id) for a client from the crm and store it off the neon crm and maintain the most recent feedback only.
the onsite check-in system shall use wamp server.
