as a user, i can search for courses locally based on:  location, category, price, date, keyword.
as a course attendee i can see the schedule of training  and it based on course name, trainer, location, date range for a particular course.
as a user i can request a course that is not on calendar.
as a user i can filter by rating and reviews.
as a course attendee i can compare the prices and decide based on price.
as a trainer i can offer courses in specific locations.
as a trainer i can put my calendar of availability so admin can schedule a course.
as a trainer i can see the rating and reviews to continue to improve myself and the course.
as a trainer i can compare my prices to maximize.
as an user, i can see the variety of courses available by category and most popular.
as an user, i can see which trainer and courses are rated highest (sort).
as an enterprise i can compare prices of courses to see if i'm getting a good value.
as an administrator i can receive account registration information from the trainers.
as an administrator i can create, delete and inquiry courses as well as update  courses information such as dates and times.
as an administrator i can see which courses and which trainers are profitable.
as an administrator i can adjust the rating of courses and trainers.
as an administrator, i can receive the request from trainers about which course to offer and when the courses start and verify them.
as an administrator i will have a dashboard to display notifications similar to database functions.i can receive any changes of update.
as a user, i will be able to request to modify my previously registered course.
as a user, i can setup an account.
as a user, i will be able to request to cancel my registration.
as a user, i can register for a course after logging in to the system.
as a user, i can share the courses through facebook, twitter, linkedin and email.
as a user, i would be able to see minimum number of people registered for the courses.
as a trainer i can set the minimum, maximum no of attendees and price per attendees.
as an admin, i can see how many users are registered for the courses and see if we met the minimum. if we didn't, admin would be able to cancel the course or adjust the minimum number of the course.
as an admin,i can move people to a different class.
as a course attendee, i will receive the confirmation email after registering for the course.
as a system, all user requirements should be analyzed and feasibility (as well as scope) of each should be determined.
all success-critical stakeholders should agree upon win-win condition, and there is team cohesion for the product.
as a team, all specific requirements, documents, and reports are maintained; and meetings as well as session are noted down.
as a developer, i would be able to analyze each and every requirement and understand their feasibility and architecture behind them.
as the team, specific training should be provided to all team members for the development and use of the product.
as an admin, i can adjust the number of attendees following notification from eventbrite.
the system should be robust enough to support multiple users at the same time.
the system must be user friendly for non expert.
as a course attendee, i can rate and review the course i attended.
as a course attendee, i could pay for the course through eventbrite.
as a trainer,i would be able to attach one of the options to my profile: active duty, veteran, military family.
as an admin,i would be able to attach one of the options to trainers' profile: active duty, veteran, military family.
