As an admin I can delete a switch so that it's no longer available for others.
An an admin I can assign names to the gateways so that they are more recognizable.
As an admin I can delete a gateway so that it's no longer available for others.
As a user I can add favourite screens so that they are easily acessible.
As a user I can turn on lights using Mobile applications.
As a user I can turn off the lights using using Mobile applications.
As a user I can add images for each switch so that they are recognizable.
As a user I can add images for gateway so that they are recognizable.
As an admin I can assign different switches to different users so that the access control is limited.
The mobile system should use a single protocol to communicate with gateway  .
As a user I can turn on the lights in the house so that all the lights can be controlled at once.
As a user I can turn off all the lights in the house so that all the lights can be controlled controlled at once.
As a user I can select a particular floor so that I have floor- or room-wide control of lights.
As a user I can select a particular room so that I have floor- or room-wide control of lights.
As an admin I should be able to add more users so that I can provide access to other users.
As an admin I should be able to add more users so that I can revoke access to other users.
The maximum budget for the project is $500.
The mobile app should be written in Android with backend of mongodb and node.is.
System should have minimum downtime and high availability .
System should have minimum downtime and high redundancy .
System should be secure -  data should be transmitted over an encrypted channel.
Do not use toggle for turning on lights so that more features can be added  .
Do not use toggle for turning off the lights so that more features can be added added  .
As an admin I can delete switch .
As an admin I can delete floor .
As an admin I can delete room .
As an admin I can edit the name of gateway .
As an admin I can edit the name of switch .
As an admin I can edit the name of floor .
As an admin I can edit the name of room .
As an admin I can see gateway id.
As an admin I can switch id.
As an admin I can incorporate debugging by papertrail.
As an user I can choose either username to log in.
As an email to log in.
the server API shall be documented preferably on the web ADHERING TO standard JS style documentation.
The response time of the system should be within 10 seconds.
