as a student, i can connect with other students so that i can grow my network.
as a user, i can upload a profile picture.
as a user, i can send and receive messages from and to other users.
as a user, i can see recommendations.
as a user, i can share articles and videos.
the system shall generate recommendations of users to be connected with.
as a user, i can search (by name, career, ethnicity, organization, school) and connect with other users.
as a user, i can invite all of the contact in my social networks.
as a user, i can see advertisement from schools and companies.
the system shall return search results at most 5 seconds.
the max budget is $300.
as a user, i can see my past messages that i have sent and received.
as a user, i can import my linkedin information to my profile.
a user can have a short summary for their profiles (education, background, current work place, customized message).
as a user, i can add/update/delete my profile.
as a user, i can see profiles based on groups, ethnicity, activities, companies, skills set, studies, cities, state, study, schools.
as a user, i can write letter recommendation for other users connected to me.
as a user i can create a profile so that i can have presence on blackprofessionals.net.
as a user, i can find someone who works at a company that i want to work at.
as a user, i can easily find information about a company that i am interested in.
as a user, i can comment on a post that i think is interesting.
as a user, i can find a dental office in my area.
as a user, i can find an optometrist that i can connect with.
as a user i can create groups.
as a user i can send invites to people to join a group of which i am administrator.
as a user i can send a request to the administrator of the group to join it.
a user should not be able to search a private group if the user is not a part of the group.
as a user i can leave(unscbscribe from) a group at any point of time.
as a user i can follow a company/school.
as the administrator of the system i can add customized ads to the ad-space on the website.
as administrator of the group i can apply privacy policies
1. who can join
2. who can view activity and posts on the group.
as a user, i can see my connection's latest activites.
as a user, i can follow/unfollow a company.
as a user, i can accept/reject the connection request from other users.
as a user, i can cancel the connection with other users.
