as a volunteer coach, i can check in the girls and other coaches on my roster remotely and in real time, so that gotrla staff can monitor program quality immediately and efficiently.
as a gotrla program staff member, i can regularly and immediately check each site's attendance sheet, so that i can offer support to any teams having issues immediately.
as a volunteer coach , i can identify the which girl's paper work/payment is done so that we have their copy liability waiver forms.
as a staff member i can monitor which girls have turned in paper work/payment so that we have their copy liability waiver forms.
maximum budget : $750.
as a volunteer i can view/ access my class roster so that i can check in my team.
as a gotrla staff member i can add/edit and delete classes so that we can volunteers have up-to-date information.
as a gotrla staff member i can add/edit and delete girls data so that the coaches can take attendance.
as a gotrla staff member i can add/update and delete volunteer coaches for each class so that we can monitor attendance of the volunteers and support the team roster when required.
as a gotrla staff member i can schedule the program weeks so that coaches know when to conduct the classes.
as a volunteer i can access the schedule of the program weeks so that i know when to conduct the classes.
as a gotrla staff member i can login to the system so that i can access the system.
as a volunteer i can login to the mobile application so that i can access the system - the volunteer should only login once for the whole semester.
as an admin i can add/remove/edit program staff & should have all the privileges of the program staff so that security of the system is maintained.
as a staff member i can export (first name, last name, team name (classes), attendance, date (week number)) the data (excel, csv) for each roster from the system so that we can analyze the attendance data.
the system shall be accessible via a desktop and mobile device (ios > android > windows).
the system shall be down for no more then 3 to 5 hours a month and preferably not after school hours.
the system shall be easy and intuitive to use.
as a user (admin, program staff, volunteer) i can reset/update my account password so that i can login to the system - (by sending an email to the user if they forget the password or otherwise can change in the profile instead).
the system shall be easily monitored and maintained.
