The system shall upload pictures to a hashtag specified by the user.
The system shall allow a user to reserve a hashtag, allowing the user to specify a password for other users to post and view pictures on the hashtag.
The system shall allow users to browse (public) posts made in a specified region (such as a radius of X feet around their current location).
The system shall allow users to flag pictures as inappropriate so that they may be taken down from public view.
The system shall allow users to tag the pictures they post with descriptive text (ex: "Surfing with sharks at the Great Barrier Reef").
The system shall delete the Hashtag and pictures associated to it after it is reserved for a certain time.
The system shall invalidate the functionality of uploading pictures for a user if he keeps sending malicious pictures.
The system shall allow users to download pictures he like.
The system shall allow users to delete the picture he uploaded by mistake.
The system shall allow the Hashtag holder to delete pictures that is inappropriate.
The system shall provide an interface for users to search for a specific hashtag.
The system shall prevent users from posting pictures to private reserved hashtags without the proper permissions. (Ex. Is the owner or has the password).
The system shall allow administrators/maintainers/moderators to remove any pictures (usually inappropriate).
The system shall provide storage and access to pictures for a set or indefinite amount of time.
The system shall allow the user to make payment for a private hashtag.
The system shall provide an interface for users to create a new account or login to an existing one.
The system shall allow the user to post pictures to a specific location eg. USC Campus.
The system shall provide an alert message to the hashtag holder when his/her hashtag is about to expire.
The system shall provide an interface for the hashtag holder to invite his/her friends to post to the hashtag.
The system shall inform the hashtag holder if there are new pictures posted to the hashtag.
The system shall have authentication for private event to make sure only certain people have access to the pictures of this hashtag.
The system shall have delete picture function to let user delete their uploaded pictures.
The system shall be capable to set the geographical scope in which users are interested in the sharing pictures.
The system shall have category for pictures to let users browser pictures with certain tag.
The system shall have management function for private and public events to delete irrelevant pictures.
The system shall capture the photo when user press camera shutter.
The system shall upload the photo when user hit upload button.
The system shall provide a hashtag reservation option when user want to upload pictures to a specific hashtag.
The system shall provide option either by location or by hashtag to share picture when user start to upload picture.
The system shall provide a delete function when user what to delete photos with in the specific hashtag online.
The system shall provide recover picture function when user deletes picture by mistake.
The system should allow user import friends from other social network app. Like Facebook, Google Cantact.
The system shall make the too old events invisible to avoid crowded geo scope.
The system should allow administrator to close some user profile when they continue posting illegal pictures.
The system shall allow users to search pictures by name, joined friend name, date, hashtag, location,  event name.
