as an adult learner with military experience, i can practice my conflict resolution skills so that i am a more effective communicator.
as an adult learner with military experience, i can view my in-game score so that i know how much i am progressing.
as an adult learner with military experience, i can resolve conflicts in a team setting so that i have practice working collaboratively in teams.
as an experiential learning center (elc) staff, i can take proper training so that i can help students use the system to improve their conflict management skills.
as a college student, i can use the system built efficiently so that i can improve my conflict management skills.
as an adult learner, i can take the assessment so that i can judge how much i need to improve my conflict management skills.
as a college student, i want to use a program designed for conflict resolution that is  interactive so i can improve my competence and confidence in resolving conflict.
as a mbv student, i want to participate in a program that integrates military experience in a business setting so that i can collaborate with teammates to improve conflict resolution skills.
as a corporate executive, i want to participate in a conflict resolution exercise that is marketed to business needs so that i can encourage employees to practice product conflict resolution skills.
as an mbv student, i can use the system to quickly resolve conflicts in my team.
as an mbv student, i can use the scores from the system to keep track of my progress.
as an employer, i can adopt the system in my company so that the teams can resolve conflicts more quickly.
as a veteran, i want to see graphs on what decisions others made in the same situation so that i can see that i'm not alone in my thought processes.
as a veteran, i can compare my decisions to the decisions civilians made so that i can compare my thought processes to theirs.
as a veteran, i can use the system to gain experience working with civilians.
as a civilian, i can use the system to better understand a military thought process so i can interact better with veterans in the future.
this relates well to the demographic information.
this relates to real time feedback.
