As a vendor, I can list my items for sale on the website to reach a bigger market and increase sales.
As a consumer, I can search for health related information on the website's blogs and forums, to gain knowledge on how to become healthier.
As the website owner , I can post blogs highlighting health-related issues on the website to provide resources to users and also encourage sales for my customers.
As the website moderator , I can post blogs highlighting health-related issues on the website to provide resources to users and also encourage sales for my customers.
As a consumer, I can participate in forum discussions regarding health concerns and health products, to gain knowledge for myself and help others with similar health concerns.
As the website owner , I can temporarily suspend the account of a vendor if transactions or fulfillments are not completed.
As the website moderator , I can temporarily suspend the account of a vendor if transactions or fulfillments are not completed.
As the website owner , I can approve vendor accounts after application and submission of subscription fee.
As the website moderator , I can approve vendor accounts after application and submission of subscription fee.
As the website owner , I can sort vendors by selling volume total to determine best vendors.
As the website owner , I can sort vendors by selling transaction total to determine best vendors.
As the website moderator , I can sort vendors by selling volume total to determine best vendors.
As the website moderator , I can sort vendors by selling transaction total to determine best vendors.
As the website owner , I can communicate with vendors through the website to help promote their products.
As the website moderator , I can communicate with vendors through the website to help promote their products.
As the website owner , I can post site-wide communications for policy updates for vendors and consumers to see.
As the website moderator , I can post site-wide communications for policy updates for vendors and consumers to see.
As a consumer, I can manage my account so that I can get access to the service that the website offers.
As a consumer, I can manage my password so that I can keep my account safe.
As a consumer, I can manage my cart so that I can do the purchase.
As a consumer, I can refer to comments from other consumers so that I see more clearly on the item.
As a consumer, I can add Items to my cart for later purchase.
As a vendor, I can manage my item prices to improve income.
As a vendor, I can communicate with the consumer to ensure service quality.
As a consumer, I can search a product based on certain search conditions so I can narrow down my search results and easily find the product that suits me.
As a consumer, I can reset email address through my security questions or verifying id so that if the email address is changed or forgot, consumer can still get his password reset.
As a consumer, I can reset email address through my security questions or verifying id so that if the email address is changed or forgot, hers password reset.
As a consumer, I can leave comments about products so that others can see more clearly on the item.
As a consumer,  I can sort products by popularity or price so I can easily find the product I am looking for.
As a vendor, I can provide special discount to the consumers so that I can offer promotions in order to attract more consumers.
As a vendor, I can look up and compare the price of similar products in the website so that I can make my pricing to be more competitive.
As a vendor, I can gather feedback from the consumers , so that I can improve my services or products in the future.
As a vendor, I can upload products introductive video on my profile, so that consumer can have a better understanding of what the products actually are.
As a vendor, I can view the time and date of each transaction, so that I can ship my products based on the priority of orders.
As a Vendor, I can publish blog posts about the new products so that I can inform other  and potentially convince them to buy it.
As a Vendor, I can add products on the product catalog so that it can be discovered by consumers and they can be sold.
As a consumer, I should be able to subscribe to certain types of products, so that when some new event happens  I can get notified leading to a more interesting marketplace.
As a Consumer, I should be able to get recommendation for the health related products based on a set of questions.
As a website end user I should find the website to be straight forward and easy to use.
As a consumer, I can rate and review vendors.
