as a user , i should be able to receive temperature based notification via text when it exceeds a threshold.
as a user, i should be able to toggle the display of information between english and spanish languages.
as a user, i should be able to watch educational videos in the application at any time.
as a user, i should be able to create a checklist.
as a user, i should be able to do quizzes.
as an admin i should be able to upload videos.
as an admin i should be able to create quizzes and educational content.
as an admin, i should be able to add, and delete the educational contents.
as an admin, i should be able to define roles for app access (app security).
as a user, i should be able to opt-in for receiving text messages to receive content similar to what's on the app.
as a user, i should be able to report that i am feeling ill or dizzy in order to identify signs of heat-illness.
as a user, i should be able to sync-up my schedule with the app to get relevant information at the right time.
as a user, i should receive some information about what should i have to wear for tomorrow.
as a user, i should be able to share my location with emergency services.
as a user, i should receive the information about the tommorow's weather.
as a user i should be able to view current temperature data.
as a user, i should be able to create emergency contact list, and also be able to contact 911 and calosha.
as an admin, i should see all of the information of farm.
as a user, i should know how to work with application.
as an admin i should be able to access all temperature and health data collected from the farmers.
as a farm manager/contractor i should be able to search for farmers available to work.
as a user, i should be able to access the educational material without internet connection.
as a user, i should be able to disable my account.
as as admin, i should see all of the framework's information.
as a user i should be able to change the notification tone and vibration levels.
as a user i should be able to create and modify my profile - weight / height / other metrics.
as a user, i should be able to use most features with minimal mobile data usage.
