As an admin, I can add course content in the application, so that I can increase the quality of the curriculum.
As a user, I can sign up for the application.
As a maintainer, I can update the application in AppStore so that users can use the newest version.
As a maintainer, I can build the app all by myself.
As a user, I can change password for my account in the application.
As a reset password for my account in the application.
As an admin, I can disable accounts from entrepreneur if they violate the policy of this application.
As a user, I can delete my account.
As an entrepreneur, I can see mentor information once I am matched with that mentor.
As a entrepreneur, I will have access to individualized curriculum.
As an admin, I will use an algorithm that will match entrepreneur and mentors.
As an entrepreneur, I can complete a profile that provides information that the system can utilize.
As an entrepreneur, I can complete a questionnaire that provides information that the system can utilize.
As a mentor, I can view profile of entrepreneurs.
As a questionnaires of entrepreneurs.
As a mentor, I can create new lesson content.
As a mentor, I can create new curriculum content.
As a user, I can send messages within the app.
As a user, I can receive messages within the app.
As a mentor, I can assign, track, and review homework.
As an entrepreneur, I can have a 1-on-1 mentor assigned after filling out the questionnaire .
As an entrepreneur, I can have a 1-on-1 mentor assigned after filling out the quiz .
As an entrepreneur, I can submit -submit any homework assignments from a curriculum through the app.
As an edit submit any homework assignments from a curriculum through the app.
As an re - -submit any homework assignments from a curriculum through the app.
As a mentor, I will be able to quickly identify entrepreneurs strength and weakness through assessments.
As a user I can post issues or comment on existing issues on the general forum.
As a user, I can access to the community forum.
As a user, I can like post in the news feed.
As a user, I can unlike a post in the news feed . post in the news feed.
As a user, I can comment on a post in the news feed.
As a user, I can share a post in the news feed.
