As a user I expect that my information is secure.
As a coach I can review the information of who signed up before printing it as a pdf .
As a coach I can review the information of who signed up before printing it as a csv .
As a coach I can overwrite the final results.
As a coach I can modify the final results.
As a user, I expect to only see options that my swimmer is qualified to sign up for.
As the coach, I expect the signups to automatically close 2 weeks before sign ups, or a time-frame that I set.
As coach, I have a manual means of entering swim events in case the format of the page changes.
As the developer, the format of the information about swim events will never change.
As a parent I should be able to login to my kid's account.
As a coach I expect that if I modified something from the user, that the user will automatically be notified.
As a parent, I should be able to see amount I am supposed to pay.
As a parent, I should be able to view event categorically.
As a user, I should be able to see the events in which my kid is signed up.
As a coach, I should be able to extract pdf information and upload events on website.
As a coach, I should be able to edit the list of events all kids are signed up for.
As a parent I should be able to edit the signed up events before the deadline.
System shall render correctly on mobile platforms.
As a parent, I should not be able to sign up my kid for the events post the deadline.
As the treasurer I should be able to see the total amount to be collected in the month.
The system shall render correctly on all browsers.
The system shall be user-friendly and intuitive.
As a developer I should have the access to the database of the registration  Ids and Date of birth of children.
The system should allow the user to sign up his kid in at most four events.
System should allow to signup events after authenticating the member's date of birth with the event deadline.
As a parent I should be able to view the payee information.
As a maintainer, I should be able  to access the database.
As a maintainer, I should be able  to modify the database.
As a maintainer, I should be able to modify the website.
As a maintainer, I should have access to documentation and the source code.
As a head-coach, I should be able to generate final PDF report and CSV file.
As a parent, I can login into my kids account with a registration key.
As a maintainer, I can insert, delete, or modify the database of the events or of the kids.
As a maintainer, I can see the amount details for the kids that they owe.
