As a admin, I can manage user permission.
As a user, I should receive an email after registering so that I am able to confirm my registration.
As a user, I should only see projects I have been assigned to so that I am not exposed to sensitive information.
As an admin, I should be able to associate projects and users so that I can restrict access appropriately.
As a user, I should be able to export software quality metrics so that I can perform off-line statistical analysis.
As a contributor to the project, I should be able to ask the admin to give access to another user to the project.
As a user, I should be able to reset my password with my email if forgotten.
The system shall be https.
As a user, I should be able to request for analyzing my project.
As a user, I should receive a verification email on signup.
As an admin, I should have the ability to grant access of the projects to the user.
As an admin, I should have the deny access of the projects to the user.
As a user, I should be able to view various statistics about the project.
As a contributor, I should be able to access all the projects I worked on so that I can analyze my impact.
As an admin, I should be able to reset users passwords when .
As an admin, I should be able to reset users passwords if required required.
As an admin, I should be able to terminate or block an account temporarily 
As an admin, I should be able to terminate or block an account permanently . 
As a user, I should be able to see the evolution of Open-source projects.
As a contributor, I should be able to see the list of analyzed projects that I have contributed to, I am given access to, or any other open source project.
The system shall be in react.js.
20 users should be able to work with the system simultaneously.
User should be able to smoothly interact with the system scatterplot chart of the convolution of a project with 10000 data points for up to 4 metrics.
User should be able to open project analysis view in system with a load time of less than or equal to 2 seconds.
