As a user, I can browse from a list of existing base recipes.
As a user, I will be given an estimated pick up time prior to submitting my order.
As a user, I will be given an wait time prior to submitting my order.
As a user, I can see the nutrition detail of my customized coffee.
As a user, I can delete a saved recipe which I no longer want to hold from my recipes list.
As a user, I can add and save a default payment method for my orders.
As a user, I can customize an existing base recipe and save it as my own recipe.
As a user, I can produce my coffee recipe as a picture and save the picture in the phone.
As a user, I can customize the color and theme of my coffee app.
As a user, I can earn rewards for using my coffee app.
As a user, I would like to be able to set an avatar for myself within the app.
As a user, I would like to be able to create a testimonial with a picture and send it to a kiosk where it will briefly display.
As a user, I would like to be able to see fun facts or quotes within the app.
As a user, I should be able to share the recipe via social media .
As a user, I should be able track rewards and cash in for appropriate rewards.
As an admin, I should have a unique portal to track inventory, view kiosk usage and track demographic information.
As a supplier, I should be able to receive updates from the admin via a page on the portal.
As a user, I can easily replace my last order.
As a user, I can send someone else a cup of coffee I've purchased for them.
As a user, I can view my order history.
As a user, I can change which kiosk I send my order to.
As a user, I canuse apple pay or paypal to purchase coffee.
As a user, I can customise my coffee.
As a user, I can view the recipe from my saved coffee selections and choose to vend it.
As a user, I will be able to check if my recipe contains specific allergens.
As a maintainer, I will be able to track any faulty kiosks.
As a maintainer, I will be able to update the location of any new kiosks.
As a user, I can log in app with my username and password or existed social media account.
As a user, I can log out the app with my username and password or existed existed social media account.
As a user, I can update any one of customized recipes which is stored in my recipe list.
As a user, I can identify how many available kiosks are near around me and where exactly they are.