as a user, i can log in the website to access my profile.
as a patient, i can pull family members and friends into group to notify everyone in the group.
as a patient, i can search for nearby patients with same conditions to get some useful information.
as a patient, i can message family members or friends to ask for some helps.
as a patient, i can share my calendar and allow them to sign up for my posted events or tasks.
as a support group member, i can get a notification when a patient has an upcoming appointment.
as a patient, i can securely share my calendar with my support group.
as a patient, i can securely send private messages to my support group.
as a support group member, a patient can send me a link to sign up and add them to my network.
as a patient, i can contact other patients that have the same health condition.
as a patient, i can decide which kind of event in my calendar the support group can access.
as an administrator, i can suspense or delete a user's account.
as a family member of a patient, i can check if the patient attended an event.
as a member of a support group, i can decide whether my network is exclusive for certain types of illness.
as a member of a support group, i can publish what time i am available, so that patient will contact me only when i am able to help.
as a patient, i can send instant secured direct messaging to any individual in my support group.
as a family member of a patient, i can send money to my loved one via paypal.
as a patient or designated admin, i can group my support network (co-worker, family, friends, etc.) to have specific privacy settings.
as a support group member, i can receive resources about how to best care for a patient with specific health conditions.
as a patient admin, i can post on behalf of a patient if they are unable to do so.
as a user, i can update the information on my profile page.
as a support group member, i am able to post on my patients' social walls in real-time.
as a patient, i can sign up and i am provided with my own social wall.
as a patient, i can share my profile / invitation via email, if possible also via mobile/sms.
as a user , i can manage my page members.
as a patient, i am able to add calendar events.
as a admin, i am able to view the list of users of the website.
as an admin, i can view the statistics about users, such as platform usage and the users.
the application should be secure- use ssl to encrypt channel.
as an admin, i can post personal announcements to specific groups and everyone.
as a user, i can delete or suspend my account.
as a user, i can report the junk or ad messages.
as a user, i can block the message from specific person.