as a student, i can add classes he/she is currently visiting to connect with peers and teachers.
as a student, i can schedule a meeting with tutors.
as a student, i can check what are trending topics.
as a teacher, i can see what are students talking about.
as a teacher, i can upload record videos.
as a student, i can join discussion groups.
we can finish the first iteration before the deadline that the client gave.
we can finish the project without extra budget.
as a student, a user can ask questions on the platform and the question would be pushed to corresponding users.
as a parent, a user can locate his child with several input about the student.
as a parent, a user can track the study progress of his/her child.
as a teacher, a user can put quiz on the platform for students to finish online.
as a user, i can mention someone in a post, so that i can invite other people to discussion.
as a maintainer, i can see real time statistic of the website, so that i can monitor the stability of the website.
as a teacher user, i can post assignment to specific students, so that i can improve the performance of students accordingly.
as a user, i can post anonymously, so that i won't get bullied by others.
as an admin, i can delete a post, so that i can improve the quality of discussion.
as a user, i can report/dislike and report a post, so that admin will notice and delete bad posts.
post can be created/commented/favorited/voted by students and teachers.
post can be deleted by admin.
parents can bind their children after invitation accepted.
teachers can create/update assignments.
students can upload their finished assignment.
as a student, i can create a study group and send invitation to other students through the message.
as a student, i can receive the invitation of the study group through the message in the website.
as a student, i can check the status of my groups and manage(delete) my groups.
as the teacher, i can assign homework to students in my class, so that save my time.
as the teacher, i can check if my students finish the homework.
as a teacher, i can send the invitation to my students to get their confirmation, so that i can contact my students instead of other student who have same name with my student.
as a student, i can view the posts made by other students in the collaboration network.
as a student, i can upvote an answer/question which i find useful.
as a student, i can bookmark or favorite questions which are relevant to me.