the system shall be developed using react native.
the system shall store persistent account (i.e. name, contacts, interests, etc.) data in a database.
the system shall sync to a given device's contact list once given permission.
the system shall store the hashed version of the password in a database (increase the user's account security).
the system shall authenticate the user using an email and password, allowing an individual to sign into their account from multiple devices.
the system shall communicate with online merchants, so it can offer products from said merchants.
as a user, i can reset my password using my email address, in the case that i have forgotten my old one.
as a user, i can receive notifications about an upcoming, important event of an added giftbuddy contact (these notifications could also be set up manually by the users themselves in settings).
as a user, i can navigate to an online shopping link to purchase the gift recommended to me.
as a user, i can create a giftbuddy account using an email address, password, name, and phone number.
as a user, i can provide feedback on a selected gift after an important date has passed (option to turn off feedback notification).
as a user, i can view relevant information (i.e., name, rating, price, etc.) on a recommended gift.
as a user, i can view the previous gifts i selected to gift people.
as a user, i can manually enter multiple important dates for each selected contact with an option for custom label or selection of general holidays/events.
as a user, i can manually remove a single contact or a group of contacts from my giftbuddy account.
as a user, i can set a giftbuddy contact as a favorite.
as a user, i can search through my giftbuddy contacts.
as a user, i can login to the giftbuddy app using a different social media account, such as a facebook login (depends if this requires a partnership with a social media platform).
as a user, i can search for a specific gift on the app.
as a user, i can save, discard, or favorite gifts recommended to me.
as a user, i can receive gift recommendations based on a budget and relevant interests that i inputted in for the contact.
as a user, i can set a total budget for gift giving (default is no limit).
as a user, i can enter my various contacts' interests as a series of bullet points.
as a user, i can manually add a giftbuddy contact and relevant information (i.e., name, important dates, interests, etc.).
as a user, i can install this application on my mobile phone both on ios and android platform (depending on feasibility of react native).
as a user, i can manually update my contact's information.