the system should have a database of care instructions associated with surgeries and medical institutions.
as a user/patient, i should have to answer a minimum amount of pro questions.
as a doctor, i should be notified if my patients health declines after surgery.
as a patient user, i can receive real time notifications for my reminders and appointments.
as a patient user, i can indicate that i have completed certain tasks (like a checklist).
as a doctor user, i can check if a patient has completed certain tasks.
as a doctor user, i can view the the survey/questionnaire responses of my patients.
as a user, i can login to the application using username and password or with my fingerprint scanner.
as a care team, i can input the relevant medical information or recommendations related to surgical procedures for each medical center into the system database.
as a patient, i can update personal contact information saved on the server.
as a patient who does not have smart phone, i can still get notifications through messages.
as a patient, i can get rewards by filling out the required survey or following certain required medical instructions.
as a doctor, i can modify prescriptions based on patients' recovery process.
as a patient, i have access to roughly personalized education contents like videos or articles that will help with recovery or preparation for surgeries.
as a patient, i can locally save the useful health recommendation articles provided by doctors.
as a patient, i can see the history of photos/videos i took for the app.
the system shall render properly on android phones.
the system should be built as native android application.
the system should comply with hipaa.
as a care team, i can add/remove patients from my list.
as a admin, i can access the database of the app server, and manually add/remove entries from backend.
as a patient, i should be able to see the website/ contact information of my health center/ provider, doctor, nurse etc.
as a patient, i should be able to take pictures.
as a patient, i should have access to review post-op notes from my doctor/ surgeon on any previous surgeries/ treatments.
as a patient, i should be provided with guidance on how to best capture pictures (i.e. selfies, body parts etc).
as a patient, i should be able to be guided by an avatar for basic tutorial.
as a patient, i can do my questionnaire/surveys from within the app.
as a doctor, i should get a notification when a patient books/cancels/reschedule an appointment.
as a patient, i should get a confirmation after i book/cancel/reschedule an appointment.
as a patient, i should be able to rate whether an educational article/video is relevant to me or not.
as the healthcare executive (the paying customer), i can see the collected data and trends of all patient outcomes, so i can study how to improve our performance.
the system should be intuitive to use for patients.
as a patient, i can manually add pre or post-op reminders in addition to the standard ones set by my doctor.
as the doctor's staff, i can register/enroll the patient under 5 steps.
as a patient, i can snooze a reminder but still be reminded until i dismiss it.
as a patient, i can receive recommendations of common answers and resources related to my surgery based on my timeline.
as a doctor, i can use this app to do certain follow-up appointments via telemedicine, so those patients who can't get rides easily won't have to miss these crucial appointments.
as a patient, i should be able to track my health status graphically, so that it is easily understandable.
as a patient, i can see all my dietary constraints and medications i need to take before and after surgery.
as a patient, i can compare pictures to see a visible difference over time.
as a patient, i can either choose to install the smartphone app, or by default get sms notifications and not get bombarded everywhere.
the system should be built as a hybrid app (testing on android only for this class - define which versions).
the system should use fhir for data exchange.