As a system, I should be able to display list of mentors to mentees  .
As a system, I should be able to display list of mentees to mentors  .
As a system, I can store the details of mentor and mentees in the database.
As an admin, I should be able to view activity reports sent by the mentors timely.
As a mentee, I can select the mentor based on my criteria.
As a mentor, I can select my mentee based on my criteria.
As a system, I must be able to associate relation between mentor and mentee  .
As a user, I should be able to update password  .
As a mentor, I can provide activity report about my mentee on monthly basis to admin.
As a mentor, I should be able to create, update and track activity records of Mentee.
As a mentor, I should be able to submit reports to the admin every month.
As a mentor, I can reset my password.
As a mentee, I can reset my password.
As a mentee, I should be able to see the list of available mentors and send a request for connection.
As a mentor, I should be able to monitor my training phase activities.
As a mentor, I should be able to accept mentee requests to establish a connection.
As a mentor, I should be able to mark my availability.
As an admin, I should be able to export the report of list of all mentors.
As a mentee, I should be able to update my personal information details.
As a mentee, I should be able to update my personal contact details.
As a mentor, I should be able to update my personal information which includes phone no, availability, photo, etc.
As an admin, I should be able to send reminders to the mentors who missed sending their monthly report.
As an admin, I should be able to view the statistics of successful matches.
As a user, I should be able to load the website quickly and able to easily access the site.
As an admin, I should be able to delete .
As an admin, I should be deactivate users . .
As a mentor, I must be able to register my details and be shown as available for Mentorship process.
As a mentee, I must be able to upload my details and be able to search and connect with mentors suitable for my profile.
As an admin, I must be able to track all available mentors and mentees, and get monthly reports on the progress of Mentorship program.
As a developer, I must be able to integrate the web application into client's server while, learning technology.
As an end-user, I must be able to navigate through the application seamlessly.
As an admin, I must be able to assign mentors to mentees.
Mentees should be able to select mentor from available mentors but mentors can ask for mentee based on race.
As an administrator, I should be able to get statistics on number of mentors, mentees and on pre-program survey answers and on post-program survey answers.
The web app should be same when viewed on desktop, tablet or mobile device.
As a mentor, I can report my interactions with my mentee.
As an admin, I can export a report with the mentor interactions.
As an admin, I can export a report with the mentee interactions.
As an admin, I can update the status of mentor & mentees trainings.
As an admin, I can match mentors to mentees.
As a mentee , I can opt out from the program and from further communication.
As a mentor , I can opt out from the program and from further communication.
The system shall render correctly on mobile platforms.