As a user, I can learn information about the company and software that is clearly presented and provides a good understanding of the platform's capabilities by visiting the website.
As a user, I can sign up with a username and password (or with common logins like Google and Facebook) to be either a student or a tutor for a specific language, so that I can use the application with my profile to log in with linkedin, google, wechat.
As a user, I can input my preferred schedule.
As a tutor, I can accept tutoring requests in accordance with my availability.
As a student, I can request a specific tutoring time with my tutor.
As a tutor, I can share presentation materials, to include powerpoint and videos, with my students.
As a future maintainer/developer, (after project handoff) I can easily understand the technologies used to create the platform via thorough documentation and through the use of common, well established/supported technologies.
As a maintainer, I can manage the information of tutors and courses displayed on admin page.
As a student, I can read descriptions of tutors in their pages, including their basic information and lessons given by them.
As a student, I can watch lesson videos at any time online (free and paid).
As a tutor, I can post blogs on the website.
As a leader of the company, I can learn statistical information including lessons views, lessons-sales, user amount, etc.
As a user, I can consult information about all tutors.
As a user, I can learn about what program ELA can provide and what key feature they have before I request tutoring.
As a user, I can check my request record and the schedule.
As a user, I can get the notification in time when schedule changes or something else happens.
As a tutor, I can get a reasonable schedule, not schedule classes outside of my expected working hours.
As a user, I can choose different payment methods.
As a user, I can navigate the website easily.
As a tutor, I can offer my detailed information such as education, experience, subject expertise, availability, etc (by submitting form).
As a maintainer, I can upgrade the resources such as courses' materials, exercises, videos, etc.
As a tester, I can easily write some integration test on the project.
As a programmer, I can get a clear description of the requirements from the client.
As a feasibility analysis, I can figure out all the possibilities of tools that fit our project.
As a user, I can communicate with the customer service when I have some questions.
As a user, I can find our website through Google.com easily.
As a project architect, I can get many details of every module in the project.
As a client, I will have a project with all basic functions completed at the end of the schedule.
As a tutor, I can update the course video easily.
As a user, I can exchange thoughts with classmates via comments.
As a programmer, I can prioritize each task given by client.
As a user, I have multiple course schedule choices.
As a user, I can catch up with the study process through replaying videos.
As a system architect, I can integrate each module without confliction.
As a user, I need to be able to log in to access further information on my learning progress.
As a user, I need the payment method to work to purchase a class.
As a user, I need to be able to find my ideal tutor through the info I provided.
As a user, I need to be able to schedule time with the tutor I choose.
As a user, I need to be able to view the videos of classes.
As a user and a tutor, I need to be able to use live-streaming feature for one-on-one classes.
As a student, I am able to complete a request form.
As a user, I can get an auto response in email after submitting the request.
As a student, I can complete an evaluation form.
As a student user, I can be paired with an instructor who matches my language and schedule if available.
As a tutor, I can input my schedule availability into the system.
As a tutor, my availability will reflect the fact that I am now booked.
As a student, I can cancel or re-schedule tutoring time within a specific time window.
As a student, I can read blogs and make a comment.