as a registered user, i can video chat with a financial expert.
as a registered user, i can search through a list of financial experts.
as a registered user, i can access tools to help me understand my finances.
as a financial expert, i can see my received payment history for past sessions.
as a financial expert, i can manage my calendar to schedule appointment availability to video chat with users.
as a guest user, i can take a quiz to find out my money belief.
as a registered user, i can manage an appointment for video chat with a financial expert by using calendar.
as a registered user, i can see my payment history.
as a registered user, i can rate the financial expert with whom i had appointment.
as a registered user, i can pay for my session with the financial expert.
as a financial expert, i can receive payment for my session with user.
as a registered user, i can update my payment method.
as a registered user, i can view a financial expert's profile.
as a registered user, i can search through educational videos and articles.
as a financial expert, i can update my profile bio.
as a financial expert, i can set my status to "online".
as a registered user, i can access financial related calculators.
as a financial expert, i can store my notes securely.
as a registered user, i can see my message history with financial experts.
as a registered user, i can see my session appointment history.
as a registered user, i can authorize my video records and transcripts be analyzed for personality data.
as a financial expert, i can authorize my video records and transcripts be analyzed to gain personality data about my client.
as a registered user, i can see that my personal information is secured.
as a registered user, i should be charged after the appointment session has completed with the financial expert.
as a registered user, i can chat with the financial expert within the app.
as a registered user, i should be able to access the video streaming library which provide more insight on budgeting.
as a financial expert, i can see the history of users whom i've given advice to.
as a financial expert, i should be able to make changes to an appointment if there is a personal emergency.
as a guest user, i can signup to access the privileged features like making an appointment, video chat etc.
as a financial expert, i can set times on my calendar for when i am available for appointments that users can then select and commit to meeting at.
as a financial expert, i can manage appointments and receive notifications.
as a registered user, i can ask for a refund if i am not satisfied with the financial guidance that i received.
as a registered user, i can access video content library that provides various topics on financial therapy, debt/asset management, etc.
as a registered user, i can view profiles of financial experts based upon different categories.
as a financial expert, i can view the feedback and ratings provided by my customers.
as a registered user, i can schedule a live session with the financial expert.
as a registered user, i can have on-demand advice from financial experts.
as a financial expert, i can keep a track of the total income generated, total minutes talked and all the users who took the advice.
as a registered user, i get access to various informative blogs and videos.
as a registered user, i can sign up/in with facebook or gmail.
as a financial expert, i can sign up/in with linkedin.